From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  5 year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â - 
5years &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  - 
1.5years(RESTFUL)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  9.8years

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  worked

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   worked

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Maven

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Sonar/PSM/websphere/

Worked on reflection		

Db â€“ mysql

12 developer

					

Kashan Ahmad							  HYPERLINK "mailto:Ka_kashanahmad@yahoo.com" 
Ka_kashanahmad@yahoo.com 

									  HYPERLINK "mailto:ahmad.kashan@gmail.com" 
ahmad.kashan@gmail.com 

									Mobile: 9910164252

Professional Summary: 

Diverse technical experience of 9.8 years in Object Oriented Programming
utilizing Java tools in business, Web, and Client-Server environments
including Java Platforms, Enterprise Edition (EE), Spring, Hibernate,
WebServices.

Extensive experience of 4.5 years in working in AGILE methodology,
performing SCRUM master role by facilitating agile practices.

Track record of delivering quality JAVA/J2EE based solutions through
entire development life cycle.

Excellent communications skills. Adept at building strong working
relationships with coworkers and management.

Valid B1 and L1 Individual visas stamped.

Achievements: 

Provide technical leadership in design, development and successful
implementation of JAVA/J2EE application.

Enjoyed repeated success in understanding business and product ownerâ€™s
expectation in implementation and execution of requirements.

Communicating and co-ordination with onshore technical team,
stakeholders and business users.

Effectively managed team stationed across geographical location.

Experience in working at onshore.

 

Technical Expertise:

Java Technology: Java 1.2, 1.3, 1.4. 1.5, JSON, JSP, XML, HTML, JSP,
Servlets Java Script, C, C++

JEE Technologies: JSP, Servlet, JSON

Framework: Springs, Hibernate, WebServices (SOAP, Rest), JUnit, Log4J,
OSGi

Tools: Maven, Ant, SVN, RAD, Eclipse, IDEA 5.0, JProfiler, Fortify Scan

Platforms: Database (Oracle, MySQL), OS (Windows, Unix)

Design Skills: OOD( Object Oriented Design), GoF design patterns, JEE
Patterns

Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall, TDD (Test Driven Development)

Architecture: SOA

Others: HTML, CSS, Ajax, JavaScript, XML, XSD, WSDL, WADL, CXF, MongoDB

Servers: JBoss, Apache Tomcat, JRun, WebSphere, iPlanet Webserver, Felix

Content Management Server: InStranet

Certifications:

Professional Scrum Master (PSM1).

Employment:

UnitedHealth Group							Jun 2009 â€“ Till Date

Project Lead

Working in complex environment which involves coordinating with
offshore/onshore team including technical architects, system analyst,
business analyst and testers.

Performing dual role of scrum master and teamâ€™s technical lead.

Experience in handling team across geographical location.

Creation of LLD and HLD of the requirement and helping team in resolving
technical issues.

Providing Backend integration with external applications using web
services. This involves creating high level class diagram and sequence
diagram.

Reviewing the work products and coordinate the review meetings with
peers to ensure the accuracy of deliverables.

Regular and active participation in meeting involving technical
architects, system analysts and product owners in solutioning
requirements.

Understanding new technologies and evaluating how they can be integrated
/ utilized to better serve our clients.

Annual performance review and appraisal for the team.

Technologies Used: Core Java, Spring, Hibernate, WebServices, XML, JSON,
Felix

Fiserv India Pvt. Ltd., NOIDA						Feb 2007 â€“Jun 2009

Senior Software Engineer

Collaborated in the development of in-house development of new credit
union software. Supported existing legacy system to provide newly
created cases and insured they were available in the systems in parallel
until legacy systems were retired

Analysis of existing code written in C for legacy system and creating
System Requirement Specification document out of that.

Provided high level design and server side integration with external
consumer using web services.

Provided assistance to other developers in understanding credit union
domain, application framework, and technical assistance in
implementation of business rules.

Developed auditing framework for the application, which helped in
overall auditing with in the system.

Reviewed work products and provided thoughtful review comments both on
standards and on optimizing the code to ensure that deliverable must
match to the stated requirements.

Active participation in maintaining project repository for QMS
perspective and played key role of Project configuration controller and
Defect prevention analyst.

Provided training to team members on Junit.

Played key role in module estimation using proven methodologies like
Work Breakdown Structure and Complexity Base Estimation. 

Worked with presale team for creating POC, RFP and demoing application
to the business.

	

Technologies Used: Core Java, Spring, Hibernate, JBoss Server,
WebServices, SOA, JUnit	

HCL Technologies, NOIDA					       Feb 2005 â€“Jan 2007

Software Engineer (Member Technical Staff)

	

Coding, debugging and unit testing and deployment of application.

Maintenance and Modification of existing application to add new
components and features emphasizing maintainability, reliability,
scalability.

Interaction with Business Users to gather requirements.

Preparation of High level design document and Analysis Document

Generating the LOE and estimation of Work Break down Structure Document
(WBS) for releases.

Understanding and Preparation of Knowledge Transfer and Technical
Architecture Documents at onshore.

Maintaining the overall quality of the artifacts and processes of the
Project, on CMM Level 5 standards

Knowledge Transfer Releases at Onsite (U.S)

Code release in accordance with Data Center Operations, Oakhill, USA

Involved in project management activities like defect prevention.

Technologies Used: Core Java, JSP, iPlanet Server, SunOne Portal,
Instranet

Convergys, Gurgaon  			               	March 2004 â€“ October 2004     

Technical Support Officer for AT&T, US

Education: 

DOEACC â€˜Bâ€™ Level (MCA) from CDAC Noida in the year 2003.

Graduation (B.A) from Allahabad University (Allahabad) in the year 2001

										(Kashan Ahmad)

