																							          												

 Jamal Ashraf                                                           
             

E-mail: jamalashraf0406@gmail.com                                       
          Mobile: +91-8880002637

From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â    Â Â :2.5yearsÂ Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â 

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â    Â Â Â Â Â :3 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â 

Web ServicesÂ  
Â :KnowledgeÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â  Â Â Â  Â Â 

Core JavaÂ      Â Â Â Â :3.2
yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â 

Design PatternsÂ :3 yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML designÂ Â Â Â 
Â :NAÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â :maven 

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]:Eclipse,Myeclipse

Database           :Oracle, Mysql

OBJECTIVE 	       	   	  				       	   		       	   	    

Seeking a challenging career in the area of software development where I
can create value for my company by utilizing technical proficiencies in
Java, J2ee and growing along with the companies.

SUMMARY		       	   	  				       	      			   

     

3+ years of Experience in IT Industry in Developing JAVA and J2EE
applications. 

Expertise in implementing J2EE technologies (JSP, Servlets, JDBC).

Hands on Experience in Struts Framework.

Hands on Experience in Hibernate Framework.

Hands on Experience in Spring Framework.

Hands on Experience in J2EE Design Patterns.

Good Knowledge in JSF.

Good Knowledge in Struts2

 PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY		       	   	  				       	     

Working for Cognizant, Bangalore Oct 2013 to till date  as Software
Engineer.

Worked for BlueStar,  Bangalore from  May 2012 to Sep 2013 as Software
Engineer.

EDUCATION

B.E (CSE)  from R.G.P.V. Bhopal passed out in 2011 with 72.44%.

HSC from Govt. Excellence School Shahdol with 79.00%

 SSC from Govt. Excellence School Shahdol with 80.88%. 	

SKILL SET

Operating System	: 	Windows 98/2000/XP

Languages		: 	Java, PL/ SQL, C , C++

J2EE Technologies	: 	JDBC, Servlets, JSP.

Frameworks		: 	Struts1.x /2.0 , JSF, Hibernate, Spring(IOC, MVC)

Servers			: 	Apache Tomcat, Jboss

RDBMS		: 	Oracle, MySQL

IDE			: 	Eclipse, MyEclipse

Tools			: 	Log4J, Maven,

Testing Framework	:	Junit

             Other Skills		:	HTML, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX .

Project #1         :  SOFS Attribute Management System

Client	            	 :   Overstock.inc (USA).

Duration	 :   Oct 14 to till date.

Role                    :  Develoer.

Team Size       	 :   10.

Environment 	 :   Java, JSP, SpringMVC,  Hibernate, Oracle and Tomcat.

Description     : SOFS Attribute Management (SAM) project is ecommerce
based project ie online shopping site in this project an admin user can
create, edit, delete and view the product under different categories
.Also admin can upload an excel sheet which containing product details
such as product name , product color, product brand etc instead of
creating product manually. This system also provide the facility to know
that which user is created edited or deleted the product.

Responsibilities: 

Designed JSPâ€™s as per the Requirement.

Implemented Controller Classes.

Implemented Commands Classes and their Validations 

Written Spring Service Interfaces and their implementations.

Written Spring DAOâ€™s and their implementations With Hibernate.

Written Hibernate Mapping Documents and Persistence Classes.

Project #2        :  Health Care System               

Client	            	 :   United HealthCare, US

Duration	 :   Aug 13 to Sep 14.

Role                   :   Developer.

Team Size       	 :   8

Environment 	 :Â   Java, JSP, Spring (MVC), Hibernate, Oracle ,Tomcat.

Description	 : 

                To develop a Health Center Management system, we take
care of patient registration, drug information and concerns such as drug
enquiries and complaints. . The system also facilitates the pharmacist 
to enquire about the drugs and about the  stock to be ordered and about
the expiry date from a customized home page. The system design is mainly
categorized in to some modules. They are mainly 

Registration. 

Drug store.

Case Records. 

Daily Entries.

 Responsibilities: 

Designed JSPâ€™s as per the Requirement.

Implemented Controller Classes.

Implemented Commands and their Validations.

Implemented Page layouts using Tiles Framework.

Written Spring Service Interfaces and their implementations.

Written Spring DAOâ€™s and their implementations With Hibernate.

Written Hibernate Mapping Documents and Persistence Classes.

Project #3       :  Rental Kiosk Pilot

Client	            	 :   Alamo & National (Vanguard)

Duration	 :   May 12 to Jul 13.

Role                   :   Developer.

Team Size       	 :   8.

Environment 	 :  Java, JSP, Struts, JDBC, Eclipse ,Tomcat ,Oracle. 

Description      : 

                  Rental Kiosk Pilot project provides the next
generation online car reservation facilities. It provides the service
where a registered customer can login to identify the location, type of
vehicle, to choose the drivers profile and all the related facilities to
book a car. It also provides insurance security to choose type of
vehicle and additional driver. This project also provides facility to
calculate amount of cost depending upon the distance, location, type of
vehicle, no of driver, type of fuel etc .To reserve car on line,
customer must have own identity like single residence no., voter
identity.

Responsibilities:

Designed JSPs as per the requirements.

Involved in writing Action Classes, Tiles and Validations.

Update Struts configuration document, validation document.

Responsible for writing JDBC Code and Database Connections.

Declaration:		 	

I hereby declare that the details stated above are authentic to the best
of my knowledge and belief.                

                                                                        
                                               

                                                                        
                                                             Jamal
Ashraf

