From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3
yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â -  3
year&currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  7 year &
cÂ Â urrentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  4 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â yesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  yes

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
MavenÂ Â  /ant

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Tomcat/weblogic/eclipse

DB:oracle/SQL

                   

Surendra Nath D 

Mobile: +91 9493294533

E Mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:suren1290@gmail.com"  suren1290@gmail.com 

	                                                                       
              SUN CERTIFIED PROGRAMMER

                                                                        
                         (For java 2 platform 1.4)

Summary:

Around 9 years of design and development experience of robust and
scalable financial server products which are multi-tenant and
multi-platform.

Specialist in building products based on Payment technologies and
cryptography concepts.

Expert level experience in building products that were deployed on the
cloud based on multi-tenant architecture (SaaS) with high availability
and scalability.

Extensive SOA and WebServices experience on different technology stacks.

Experience with Java technologies like Servlets, JSP, Struts, Spring
Framework, EJB, JSF, Hibernate, Webservices, JPOS, JMS, JavaScript,
HTML, XML and having a good knowledge of OOP concepts.

Extensive experience of development, integration and deployment on
Oracle iPlanet Web server, Windows IIS 5.0, Apache 2.2, Tomcat 5.5,
Jetty 4.2.12, Weblogic 9.2, Apache Active MQ 4.1.0 and Sonic ESB 6.0.

Experience in end to end configuration of nShield Connect network HSM
500.

Experience in planning the agile sprint using IBM RTC tool for following
Agile Scrum Methodology.

A Sun certified Java programmer.

Work Experience:

Working as Principal Software Engineer for CA Technologies (Arcot R&D
Software Pvt. Ltd.), Hyderabad from Octoberâ€™10.

Worked as Senior Software Engineer for mChek India Payment Systems Pvt.
Ltd., Bangalore from Juneâ€™07 to Juneâ€™10.

Worked as Software Engineer for Tavant Technologies India (PVT) Ltd.,
Bangalore from Julyâ€™05 to Mayâ€™07.

Educational Qualification: 

BTech. in Electronics and Communications Engineering from JNTU in 2005.

Intermediate from State Board in 2000.

S.S.C. from Board of Secondary Education in 1998.

Software Skills:

Languages                   : C, C++ and Java.

Java Technologies      : Servlets, JSP, JSF, RMI, JDBC, Webservices
(Xfire and Axis), and JMS.

Framework                  : Jakarta Struts, Spring and JPOS Frameworks

Persistence Layer        : JPA, EJB and Hibernate.

GUI		                    : Flex, Swing and AWT.

Message Queue	        : Sonic ESB6.0 and Apache Active MQ 4.1.0.

Web Servers	        : Tomcat5.5, Apache 2.2, iPlanet, IIS 5.0 and Jetty
4.2.12

Application Servers    : JBOSS3.2.3 and WebLogic 9.2.

Crypto Device 	        : nShield Connect network HSM 500

Development Tools     : Eclipse 3.2.3 and Intellij5.1.

Markup Languages    : Java script, HTML and XML (SAX, DOM and XMLBeans).

Databases	                    : Oracle 9i and Mysql 5.1.

Version Control           : Clear Case, SVN and CVS

Bug tracking Tools      : Clear Quest, Salesforce and Bugzilla

Operating Systems      : Windows, Solaris, UNIX and Linux.

Development Methodologies : Waterfall model and Agile methodologies such
as                     extreme programming and scrum.

Project Profile:

PaymentMinder (TransFort)

CA Technologies (Arcot R&D Software Pvt. Ltd.), Hyderabad

Environment : Servlets, JSP, Struts, Webservices, JMS, Tomcat 5.5, IIS
6.0, Weblogic 9.2.

Duration : October 2010 to tilldate.

Team size : 18

Description: Based on 3-D Secure protocol by Visa, Arcot TransFort is
the de-facto standard for online credit card authentication and fraud
reduction for all players involved, which includes cardholders, Issuers,
and Merchants. It supports all the major credit card brands Visa
(Verified By Visa or VbV), MasterCard (MasterCard SecureCode), JCB
(J/Secure) and American Express (American Express SafeKey). To use the
security offered by TransFort, credit-card holders must first register
their cards in the 3-D Secure program. In return, they receive a
secondary authentication password, known as secret password. When they
shop on participating merchant Web sites, these registered cardholders
must provide this secret password to ensure a secure shopping
experience.

Role & Responsibilities:

Responsible for the engineering activities of Transfort which is doing
more than million transactions per day, serving about 13000 customers
and has more than 120M users.

Analyzing the requirements, designing components keeping multi tenancy
in mind and planning the agile sprint by splitting the requirements into
multiple tasks in IBM RTC tool and working closely with the team to
provide high quality releases in time.

Architectured integration of PaymentMinder with AuthMinder to implement
features such as 3D secure authentication with One Time Passwords (OTP)
generated by ArcotOTP application and 2nd factor authentication of the
web application with ArcotID.

Responsible for implementing the solution by providing onsite support
for In-house customers like ICICI India (debit), CITI India, JCC Cyprus
and ANZ Singapore

CloudPass

CA Technologies (Arcot R&D Software Pvt. Ltd.), Hyderabad

Environment : JDK 1.7, JSF, JPA, Webservices, Apache TomEE 1.5.2 Plus,
nShield Connect network HSM 500 and Oracle 11.2.0.2

Duration : May 2013 to Nov 2013.

Team size : 6

Description: CloudPass significantly simplifies the online shopping
experience of internet buyers with versatile card/user authentication
because they do not need to access their physical card every time they
make a purchase. They can specify the required card details once, and
can then subsequently access them by logging in to CloudPass by
specifying their CloudPass password. CloudPass Solution is implemented
as a customizable button that appears during checkout in the end
userâ€™s cart. When they click this button, they are prompted to log in
with the registered credentials (username and CloudPass password). On
successfully logging in to CloudPass Solution, their card information
and shipping and billing addresses are pre-populated on the checkout
page, as a result, the checkout process is faster and simpler. With
minimal coding required for integration, merchants can also benefit from
reduced shopping cart abandonment and increased conversions.

Role & Responsibilities:

Responsible for the engineering activities of product CloudPass.

Planning and designing the components of CloudPass.

Building a simple and seamless interface for merchants to integrate.

mChek Payment Systems

mChek India Payment Systems Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore (  HYPERLINK
"http://www.mchek.com"  www. mchek.com )

Environment : JPOS framework, Spring, Hibernate, XML(XML Beans),
Webservices using XFire and Axis, Cajo, ActiveMQ, JMS, Jetty 4.2.12 and
Click frame work.

Duration : June 2007 to June 2010.

Team size : 4

Description: mChek is a mCommerce application which provides an
on-demand solution for mobile payments and two-factor authentication.
mChek lets you put your credit card in your mobile phone and use it in a
safe, smart and simple manner for over-the-counter and Internet
purchases, and person to person payments. mChek is a simple and secure
product that augments the way people currently transact with their
money. With mChek you can use your mobile phone to make credit and debit
card payments. It completely integrates into the already deployed mass
infrastructure of mobile operators and banks, bringing about a powerful
convergence of both these businesses through the mobile phone. mChek
provides a host of financial transactions for customers and merchants
with unparalleled security.

Personalization (PERSO) : Perso-Server supports mission-critical
applications such as Key generation and Key maintenance, data
authentication, crypto functionalities like encryption and decryption
and other key functions running round the clock. It is used for the pre
and post personalization of the SIM cards, which are issued through
mChek platform.

Key Management System (KMS) : A Key Management System is a system to
securely generate, store, distribute and delete cryptographic Key Values
and attributes. A Key Management System is typically a software based
system making use of hardware based cryptographic processor HSM for
secure operations. HSM ensures the secrecy and integrity of the Key
Values and attributes.

Smart Card Management System (SCMS) : SCMS typically manage card
inventories, new accounts, account setup, cardholder risk and customer
service. The main purpose of SCMS is to track the smart cardâ€™s life
cycle events, from the point when it is created, to the point of its
removal from the system.

Virtual Terminal (VT) : mChek virtual terminal is a server, which serves
various mobile originated transaction requests. Requests are either
initiated by the merchant or by the customer. Virtual terminal supports
different functionalities of the mChek transaction processes like online
sale, balance Inquiry, online/offline void, online/offline refund and
offline sale.

Role & Responsibilities:

Responsible for the engineering activities of multiple components
including Personalization System (Perso), Key Management System (KMS)
and Smart Card Management System (SCMS) which are the core components
for personalization of cards (credit/debit) on various mChek clients and
mobile payments.

Enhancing the product to handle both Card Present/Card Not Present
transactions using USSD and making the above mentioned components highly
scalable and robust.

Solely responsible for all the developments in Personalization module
and providing support in all the environments (including production
support).

Written Ant and Unix scripts for creating one click installers and
automating the patch process.

ASAP (Advanced Sales Accelerated Production)

Tavant Technologies India Pvt Ltd., Bangalore (  HYPERLINK
"http://www.tavant.com/"  http://www.tavant.com )

Client : Ameriquest Mortgage Company Inc.

Environment : Struts, Servlets, JSP, EJB, JMS, Sonic ESB and Weblogic
8.1 SP3.

Duration : August 2005 to May 2007.

Team Size : 10.

Description: ASAP is a service-oriented application tailored to fit
Ameriquest Mortgage Companyâ€™s (AMC) business model so that AMC can
streamline processes and increase efficiency. ASAP plays a key role in
the retail workflow of Ameriquest Mortgage. To best understand the
context of ASAP in the enterprise, it is important to understand the
high-level retail loan workflow. ASAP is constructed to expose services
and processes in a way that will allow expanded use and support for
wholesale loan processing at some future date.

Role & Responsibilities:

Core Development of the Credit Engine in the project ASAP. It includes
development of both web layer and business Layer for the credit module
using JSPâ€™s, EJBâ€™s, DAOâ€™s, JMS and Struts Framework and deployment
of the application on WebLogic. 

Production and QA support for the developed components including bug
fixing and enhancements.

Creating clustered Weblogic domains and deploying all the modules of the
application and integrating all the modules.

Deploying and integrating every release in Onsite environments. 

Written ant scripts for creating clustered domains and deploying all the
modules.

Automating the process of build and deployment using ant and also
involved in the development of Automatic Patch Process for CVS using
Java and Ant.

