From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 
1.5yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â - 1.5
YearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  4
yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  8.yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â 6 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  2.5 Years

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â  2.5
maven ant 8yrsÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Eclipse,google code pro,optimisation,sonar 

11.5

CA-16+15%

Second company-16

2nd dec 

CURRICULUM VITAE

Hari Kishan Tammana,			 	           Home No: +91 8672 231399

D.No:12/350-1, Rustumbada,      	       	           Mobile No: +91
9493800809

Sivalayam, Gandhi Bomma,			           Email:   HYPERLINK
"mailto:harikishan.tammana@gmail.com"  harikishan.tammana@gmail.com     
Machilipatnam, Krishna Dt.				 

Andhra Pradesh, India- 521001				

  

Career OBJECTIVE:

To pursue a career which offers me an opportunity to grow professionally
and to acquire profound collective and individual skills required for
steady growth and stability which augments the knowledge acquired during
my graduation. Looking for a career in a progressive organization which
provides the opportunity to make a strong contribution to organizational
goals through continued development of professional and personal skills.


Educational Overview:

M.Sc (Hons) Mathematics & B.E (Hons) Mechanical	           Aug
2002â€“June 2007

Institution		: Birla Institute of Technology and Science
(BITSâ€“Pilani), Rajasthan

Overall CGPA		: 6.95 

Higher Secondary Education				           June 2000â€“May 2002

Board			: Board of Intermediate Education, Andhra Pradesh

Institution		: Vignan Vidyalayam Junior College, Guntur, Andhra Pradesh

Percentage		: 96.7%

Secondary School Education				          June 1999â€“April 2000

Board			: Central Board of Secondary Education, Andhra Pradesh

Institution	: Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan Residential Public School,
Bhimavaram, Andhra Pradesh

Percentage		: 74.0%

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Organization	Designation	Duration 

Oracle India Pvt Ltd.	Senior Software Engineer	August 2012 to Till date

PASS GCA Solutions Private Ltd, India	Senior Software Engineer	April
2011 to August 2012

Amdocs Development Center India , Pune	Senior Subject Matter Expert	Sep
2009 to March 2011

Satyam Computer Services Ltd, Hyderabad	Software Engineer 	Oct  2007 to
Sep 2009



TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Operating Systems	Windows 98, 2000 Professional, XP, Vista, Linux

Languages	C, JAVA-J2EE, SQL, UNIX, PL/SQL

Databases	Oracle 9i / 10g, MySQL

GUI	HTML, XML, JavaScript, Oracle ADF Framework

Frameworks	Struts, Hibernate, Spring (Web module), Mule ESB, Smooks, 
Drools, Mule ESB (Integration Framework), APEX , ADF 

Tools, IDE & Utilities	Eclipse, Net Beans, TOAD 9.7.2, Tomcat Web
Server, Weblogic 9.2, Glassfish 2.1, MULE ESB, JDeveloper 11g, Oracle
SOA Suite 11g, 

Domain Knowledge	Telecom, Logistic Management, Software Development,
Server Side Apps & Rules Engine



PROJECTS PROFILE:

1. 	Project Name : DEMO MANAGEMENT TOOL (DMT), ZEUS UI (APEX & ADF)

Client	Oracle Technical Operations

Role	Senior Software Engineer

Organization	Oracle India Private Ltd, India

Duration	(08/2012) â€“ till date

Team Size	6

	Module: Fusion Application tools Development

Environment

(with skill versions)	Oracle ADF Framework 

	Technologies: Java, SQL, PL/SQL, APEX

Server: Oracle Weblogic 10.3

O/s: Windows XP.

CVS: Tortoise SVN 



Project Description: 

The DMT tool provides all the Capabilities for the Technical Operations
personal to access the Oracle Internal Zeus Database; to fetch the
Environment related information and Work on the data. Create the Copy of
the Environments and Restoring the Snap(environment copy) to create bulk
of similar environments belonging to the same release, which we call
Archive- Restore Processes. This tool performs Actions via JOB control
as Job Request and Job Actions per each request to track the processes.

Zeus UI is the internal Oracle website to manage all the Zeus Data
(Environment, Images and Servers, Image templates), This runs on APEX
server to provide faster data access and data control mechanisms. This
again is for the Oracle Build and Infra teams to make there work easier
and faster.

  Contributions:

Individual Contributor to the development of certain functionalities
divided among the team, and guide my junior resources to prosper in the
development environment.

Taking part in all the Business meetings with Oracle technical
operations and infra personnel, for Scoping the requirement.

Detailed design of Requirements

2. 	Project Name : Sensors Project

Client	PROT & PLANTOUR

Role	Senior Software Engineer

Organization	PASS GCA Solutions Private Ltd, India

Duration	(06/2011) â€“ (08/2012)

Team Size	3

	Module: Sensors & Rules Module

Environment

(with skill versions)	Eclipse IDE 3.6 (Helios), Navicat-Lite

	Technologies: Mule ESB, Drools-JBPM Integration, Smooks, Java, JMS
(ActiveMQ), JAXB, MySQL

Server: Mule 3.2.0 Standalone, Glassfish 2.1 

O/s: Windows XP.

CVS: Tortoise SVN 



Project Description: 

The Sensors Project deals with the Sensor data of the Logistic Companies
Vehicles. We develop an application which receive the Sensor and Sensor
Type Configurations, based on which we communicate with third party
interface to get the real time Sensor values information in regular
intervals and Send those data to the PLANTOUR in written CSV format in
intervals. At the same we run Alarms on the real time sensor data for
tracking the uneven situations and intimate the concerned departments
regarding the logistic emergencies. The Project is also developed to be
portable and modularized with very loose coupling using JMS
communication when necessary.

  Contributions:

Team Lead role.

I have been given the complete responsibility of the design and
development of the Sensors Project.

Taking part in all the Business meetings with client, Scoping and risk
assessment.

Detailed design of Requirements

2. 	Project Name : AND Server

Client	PROT & PLANTOUR

Role	Senior Software Engineer

Organization	PASS GCA Solutions Private Ltd, India

Duration	(04/2010) â€“ (06/2011)

Team Size	8

	Module: AND Server Performance    & Security.

Environment

(with skill versions)	NetBeans IDE 6.1, Navicat-Lite

	Technologies: Java/J2EE, Jersey, JMS, EJB, JAXB, MySQL

Server: Glassfish 2.1

O/s: Windows XP.

CVS: Tortoise SVN 



Project Description: 

The AND Server and Mobile Application are the unique application for
managing the complete logistics management of the Organization which
deals with the Tours, Package delivering etc.

The Driver has the Mobile and uses the Server to authenticate the User
to use the device. Driver gets the Data of the Tours from the server
into the Mobile and updates the status of the tours into server on
regular basis. 

  Contributions:

The responsibility of the improvement of the Performance of the existing
Server side application for the Client, which communicates with the
Mobile for various activities.

Implemented the JSON communication for the transfer of Data between
Server and Mobile , which decreases the download time and Performance

Similarly GZIP compression of data transfer between Server and Mobile,
which is applauded by the client for the affect on the performance.

Security JDBC Realms Integration with Server and Mobile using the Basic
Authentication model. This helps us to authenticate and authorize the
remote resources as well as user interface components based on the
roles.

3. 	Project Name : Titan 5.1

Client	AT & T Cingular

Role	Senior Subject Matter Expert

Organization	Amdocs Development Center India, Pune

Duration	(10/2010) â€“ (03/2011)

Team Size	3

	Module: Simulator Development

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Technologies: Java/J2EE, JMS, EJB, JAXB

Server: Weblogic 9.2. 

O/s: Windows XP.

CVS: ExtraC 



Project Description: 

The Simulator needs to be developed for the Various interface calls with
different inputs such as the messages or serialized objects. For this
the simulator will be developed with EJB and JMS implementation to
handle the remote calls/Queue inputs. This Simulator also needs to
convert the normal object input to XML output using JAXB. The
performance of the application is also improved with caching mechanism.

Contributions:

With the minimal team size, I have been given the complete
responsibility of the design and development of the simulator.

Taking part in all the Business meetings with client, Scoping and risk
assessment.

Detailed design of Requirements for the Customer time and time

4. 	Project Name : MetroPCS ASAP

Client	MetroPCS

Role	Senior Subject Matter Expert

Organization	Amdocs Development Center India, Pune

Duration	(04/2010) â€“ (06/2010)  & (07/2010) â€“ (09/2010)

Team Size	15

	Module: Application Front End Development

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Technologies: Java 1.5, SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX. 

FrameworkÂ : STRUTS

Database: Oracle 10g.

Server: Weblogic 9.2. 

O/s: Windows XP.

CVS: ExtraC 





	

Project Description: 

Metro PCS is the Organization with big market Northern America with high
expectations started its business with Amdocs to capture the large share
market which is not in its possession. And the OMS implementation is
required for achieving it which is provided by my team. In my current
project, I am working with the development team for clientâ€™s specific
requirements. Along with CDMA it also started high speed technology
which is also implemented in the project OMS requirements.

I designed and developed customization of Order Management System.

Contributions:

Taking part in all the Business meetings with client, Scoping and risk
assessment.

Mentor role for all the junior developers to enhance their skills and
business knowledge.

I also have a good experience working in the client environment (Onsite)
for the big release which is very successful and with high quality.

Detailed design of Requirements for the Customer time and time

Implementation of requirements in the Front-end portal of the
Application.

Defect fixing of the UT, SST and ST Stages of the Project.

Identified as the good performer very early (9 months) and had been
promoted to Senior Subject Matter Expert.

5. 	Project Name : Risk Management API 

Client	BELL CANADA

Role	Senior Subject Matter Expert

Organization	Amdocs Development Center India, Pune

Duration	(06/2010) â€“ (07/2010)

Team Size	6

	Module: Application Programming Interface

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Technologies: Java 1.5, SQL.

FrameworkÂ : STRUTS

Database: Oracle 10g.  Server: Web logic 9.2.



6. 	Project Name : DAVE/MOBILICITY ASAP

Client	MOBILICITY, Canada

Role	Senior Subject Matter Expert

Organization	Amdocs Development Center India, Pune

Duration	(02/2010) â€“ (04/2010)

Team Size	10

	Module: Application Front-end

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Technologies: Java 1.5, SQL. 

FrameworkÂ : STRUTS

Database: Oracle 10g.

Server: Weblogic 9.2. 

O/s: Windows XP.

CVS: ExtraC 



Project Description: 

MOBILICITY (Initially known as DAVE) is the Organization which is
established recently and with high expectations started its business
with Amdocs to capture the large share market in Canadian market. And
the OMS implementation is basic requirement for achieving it which is
provided by us. In my current project we are working on the front-end
for clientâ€™s specific requirements. I took the core part in the design
and development of the Front-end Order Management System portal. And I
worked end to end tin this project till the delivery to the customer.

Contributions:

Worked on the Impact Assessment by interacting with the Customer
delivery units (CDUâ€™s)

Communicated with various back-end application teams for gathering the
information helpful for the development for escaping the late defects.

Detailed design of Requirements required for the Customer time and time

Implementation of requirements in the Front-end portal of the
Application.

SST development support for the test case execution

Defect fixing of the UT, SST and ST Stages of the Project.

7. 	Project Name: FDT/SNAP PORTAL

Client	Sprint Nextel Corporation

Role	Senior Subject Matter Expert

Organization	Amdocs Development Center India, Pune

Duration	(09/2009) â€“ (01/2010)

Team Size	30

	Module: Order Management System Frontend

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Technologies: Java 1.5, SQL.

FrameworkÂ : STRUTS

Database: Oracle 10g.

Server: Weblogic 9.2. 

O/s: Windows XP.

CVS: ExtraC 



Project Description: 

Sprint Nextel is the most prestigious client of Amdocs and OMS
customization on top of the core OMS implementation is required. In my
current project, I am working with the development team for clientâ€™s
specific customization. I designed and developed customization of Order
Management System.

Contributions:

Detailed design of Order Management System.

Implementation of Order Management System Application.

SST development support for the test case execution

Defect fixing of the UT, SST and ST Stages of the Project.

I Acted as the Mentor for the fresherâ€™s in the Project providing them
with Continuous Knowledge Transfer sessions.

8. 	Project Name : Quality Maintenance Team	  

Client	Java Work Bench Research

Role	Software Engineer

Organization	Satyam Services Private Ltd.

Duration	(10/2008) â€“ (09/2009)

Team Size	10

	Module: Code Quality and Testing Team

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Technologies: Java 1.5, UNIX.

IDEâ€™sÂ : NetBeans 6.1, Eclipse 3.0 

Tools: FindBugs, CheckStyle, PMD, JProfiler.

Database: Oracle 9i.

Server: Tomcat 5.0. 

O/s: Windows XP.





	Project Description: 

As part of JavaWorkBench, we have explored some IDEs like Net Beans 6.1
and Eclipse Europa. As a team member, I have worked on â€˜Profiling on
Net Beans 6.1â€™ with different servers like JBoss 4.2, Weblogic 9.1 and
Glassfish and also on Source Code Analysis tools like â€˜PMD, CheckStyle
and FindBugs to test our web applications in IDEâ€™s like NetBeans 6.1
and Eclipse 3.3.2. And also performed unit testing for different
applications using JUnit.

The Net Beans Profiler is a tool for the monitoring of Java
applications: It helps to find memory leaks and optimize speed. IDE
includes a powerful profiling tool that can provide important
information about the runtime behavior of the application

9. 	Project Name : Maintenance of CWT 

Client	Carlson Wagonlit Travels, US

Role	Developer

Organization	Satyam Computer Private Ltd.

Duration	(03/2008) â€“ (10/2008)

Team Size	15

	Module: Logistics management System.

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Technologies: Java 1.5, SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX. 

FrameworkÂ : STRUTS

Database: Oracle 9i.

Server: BEA Weblogic 9.2. 

O/s: Windows XP.



Project Description: 

CWT deals with providing services to different Airline travelers across
the Globe. Webmaint is a web based application to configure CWTâ€™s
Clientâ€™s data and Traveler Counselor data. Portrait is a web-based
application and accessible across Internet by travelers to view and
update their profile. PAL is another application which loads the
traveler profiles from flat files or xml files. Portrait uses Profile
Distribution Service (PDS) to share travelerâ€™s profile with CWT
partners (GDS, KDS, Australia, and Mobile). Web Maintenance Application
(WAP) isÂ to allow designees from around the global to setup new
clients, modify existing client setup, and grant access to internal CWT
personnel via a website. New enhancements are added to Portrait, PAL and
Webmaint application during different phases to increase the
functionality of these applications.

Contributions:

As a team member, I was responsible for 

Understanding the Portrait, PAL and Webmaint application.

Playing role in the development of Portrait to add on new enhancements
to the existing functionality of the application.

Development of java classes, interfaces and JSPâ€™s for the Portrait
development in accordance with CWT Coding Standards.

Providing Solutions/fix to issues identified as technical bugs. 

Intensive round of unit and integration testing of all CRâ€™s and
PDRâ€™s and to provide solutions to bugs.

Development of Test Cases.

Training at Satyam Learning Centre: 	  			Oct 2007-Mar 2008

Extensive training of five and half months in C, RDBMS, SQL, JAVA, JSP,
Servlets, HTML /JavaScript and frameworks like Hibernate and Struts 1.1
was provided.

An internal project named â€˜Employee Information Interface in X-Martâ€™
was done for 14 days using Struts and Hibernate Frameworks. Also had a
basic training on the Spring 2.0 framework for a week.

Role: Trainee

Server: Oracle 9i, Apache Tomcat 6.0

Technologies Used: J2EE, HTML/JavaScript, XML

IDE: Net Beans 5.5

                                                

Additional Achievements:

A Sun Certified Java Programmer.

Recipient of State Governmentâ€™s prestigious Pratibha Scholarship.

Associate Coordinator for a Cultural Event (INBLOOM 2006-07) in
BITS-Pilani.

Been a leader from my College Days as a Sports Secretary of my
respective bhawan in BITS-Pilani for two years consecutively.

Apart from having 3 yrs of professional experience in Java, I have
additional 6 months of experience in C and Java programming during my
apprentice-ship in ATS Services Private Ltd, Delhi.

Quick Persuasive skills with very good interest to learn various
technologies.

Always been the top performer in the team gaining the accolades of my
respective managers. 

Within a short span of time my leader ship skills are recognized and my
responsibilities as a Focal point and mentor are rewarded.

HOBBIES:

Solving Puzzles & Riddles

Listening Music & Watching Movies and Sports

OTHER RELEVANT DETAILS:

Current Company 	:  Oracle India Pvt Ltd

Current CTC		:  10.5 LPA + BONUS

PERSONAL PROFILE:

	

Fatherâ€™s name	:  Radha Krishna Murthy Tammana	

Date of Birth		:  24th September, 1985

Gender		:  Male

Nationality		:  Indian

Marital Status		:  Married

DECLARATION

I do here by confirm that the information given in this form is true to
the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:  	   								          Hari Kishan T

Place: Hyderabad						 	

Hari Kishan Tammana

Curriculum Vitae Page   PAGE  9  of   NUMPAGES  9 

