               From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using
(experience) the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2year&current

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â -  1.5
year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â  -  1
yearÂ Â &current(REsT)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â   7 year

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  using

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
AntÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Websphere,weblogic,eclipse

Worked on reflection, Using oracle

   Email: gsraokk@gmail.com

  Srinivasarao Gampala   					      Mobile: +91-9032190882

 						

Experience Summary & Strengths

7+ Yrs of work experience in IT industry in the areas of software
development in Java, J2EE technologies.

Experienced in Web Technologies like Java, Servlets, JSP, Struts, JMS
and web services.

Have working experience on Savvion BPM, Sonic ESB and Apama BEP.

Have working experience on Liferay Portal Server, Portlets and JSR 168
and 286 API.

Worked on Portlet development with Spring Portlet MVC and experience on
creating Liferay Hooks.

Have working experience on Jackrabbit

Knowledge and Expertise in using Oracle and, MySql databases as backend.

Proficient in Core Java, JDBC, Servlets, Java Server Pages, Struts,
JavaScript, Oracle 9i, MySql and MVC Architecture.

Have good exposure on Hibernate (Object Relational Mapping service)

Having extensive knowledge and experience on Spring Framework.

Ability to understand functional requirements and design documents.

Excellent analytical and programming skills.

A team player with good inter-personal, outstanding problem solving and
decision making skills. 

Employment

Working as a Senior Consultant in Accolite Software(Formerly Progress
Software), Hyderabad from August, 2011 to till date

Worked as a Technical Specialist in iGate Global Solutions Ltd,
Bangalore from October, 2008 to August 2011.

Worked as a Software Engineer in Wipro Technologies, Bangalore from
August, 2007 to October, 2008.

Education

B.Tech in ECE from JNT University in the year 2005.

Professional Qualification

Got certification in Sun Certified Java Programmer â€“ Java 2 Platform
1.5

Technical Literacy

	Operating Systems			     : Windows 2000/XP, Linux

             Programming Languages		     : Java 

Presentation layer                                       : JSP, Ajax,
JavaScript and JQuery

Business Layer                                           : Servlets,
JDBC, EJB, JMS and RMI

Application Servers / Web Servers           : Tomcat 6.0, JBOSS,
WebLogic

	RDBMS                                                         :
Oracle9i, MySql

	Frameworks				     :  Spring, Struts 1.x/2.0

             Portal servers                                             
: Liferay Portal

             Cms (content management systems)       : Jackrabbit,
Liferay Cms

	IDE & Tools				     : Eclipse 3.2, JBuilder

	Version Controlling Systems	                  : TFS, CVS and SVN

             Markup Languages                                     : XML,
HTML

             BPM                                                        
     : Savvion, Business Expert

Projects:

1. Clear View Monitoring 

            Client: DELL

            Team Size: 15

Description:

CVM solution monitors the requests raised by DEL customers, calculates
SLA and creates Alerts based on the Rules configured. It completely
automates the request process, alert process, does intelligent work
allocation to the configured agents and based on the rules configured
separately for each activity it creates automatic alerts and
notifications.        

   

Responsibilities:

Responsible for FSD message integration with CVM system.

Involved in the development of Apama monitors and Dashboard development
and exporting the dashboards to Liferay portal.

Involved in the design of Savvion process templates for Dispatch and
Alert. 

Environment:  Apama BEP, Savvion BPM, Spring, Hibernate, Weblogic
10.3.1, Oracle 10g and Liferay Portal.

2. Integrated Credit Decision Platform

            Client: Bank of America

            Team Size: 35

Description:

        The ICDP Solution will integrate and connect with all systems
that are required for decisioning and fulfillment of Customer requests
related to the Consumer Credit Card and Emerging Credit Products. The
solution will also provide proactive decisioning on customer accounts
(Consumer Credit Card and Emerging Credit Products) based on proactive
strategies for risk detection and auto graduations

   

Responsibilities:

Responsible for the end to end technical delivery of the modules and
involved in the application integration and process templates of Savvion

Involved in the development of Dashboard and custom reports by using
Business Expert.

Process flow optimization of templates and application performance
optimization by doing standardization

Environment:  Savvion BPM, Pramati Application Server, Oracle 10g, Java
Server Pages, ibatis DAO Framework and SOAP Web services.

3. iSight Framework

	Client: iGate Global Solutions Ltd, Bangalore

	Team Size: 8

Description:

	  iSight provides a single, uniform service delivery web-based platform
for BPO/BSP operations with anytime/anywhere availability. It provides
highly customizable operational workflow for service delivery
operations.

iSight framework is metadata driven architecture. We can develop the web
application very quickly using this framework. The work progress can be
tracked and monitored by operational managers and even customers.

Responsibilities:

Involved in the enhancement of workflow process.

Involved in document management system development by using Jackrabbit.

Document Management System is implemented using JCR specifications and
integrated the DMS with framework

Developed the new web application to schedule the jobs and integrated
the same with framework.

Involved in Code Reviews and have come up with Coding Standards.

Involved in the development of build scripts for application
implementation using framework.

Environment: Windows 2000/XP, Java/J2EE, Servlets, JSPâ€™s, Tomcat 6.0,
MySql 5.1.39, and Eclipse 3.2 

	

4. Registry Development Authority

	Client: Australia Tasmania (Government)

	Team Size: 15

Description:

	The TRDA Application is been developed for Rental deposit Authority of
Tasmania. TRDA support the various processes required to cover
end-to-end bond management process. 

The processes are:

Â 

Scanning and OCR Processing:-OCR processing is the stage where all the
images (scanned/faxed) will be processed and a data file generated for
each of the processed image.

Agent Registration:-Agents who wish to become registered users with RDA.

Â 

Lodgment:-Tenants are able to pay rental deposit to the Residential
Deposit Authority (RDA) by Lodging Bond.

Â 

Transfer:-In case of bonds involving multiple tenants under one bond,
some tenants can be replaced with new tenants.

Â 

Claim:-Bond claim indicates whether they agree or disagree to the amount
of funds that should be disbursed to each of the parties

.

Responsibilities:

Requirement Analysis and Design of the application.

Involved in kofax configurations to automate business process management
and integration of kofax with application

Developed the pre-process system to load the data into the application.

Involved in the development of Agent Registration.

Environment: Java, JSP, Servlets, JQuery, Hibernate, Apache Tomcat,
Eclipse, Liferay 5.0 and Oracle Database. 

5. NPG (Number Portability Gateway)	

            Client: Telcordia Technologies, USA

            Team Size: 8 

Description:

	Number Portability Gateway (NPG) provides a single, operator-based
contact point for mobile operators to manage the complex interfaces,
message processing, and transaction data associated with number
portability requirements. The NPG porting process involves
sending/receiving messages between different interfaces, such as
Operations Support System (OSS), Network Element Manager (NEM) for a
clientâ€™s local Number Portability Database (NPDB), and Number
Portability Clearinghouse (NPC). NPG provides the capability to define
different porting processes for different types of phone service. 

Responsibility:

Involves in development of Operations Support System (OSS) interface
using JMS and Message Driven Bean.

Involves in development of GUI using Struts Framework.

Environment: Java, JSP, Struts, JMS, Message Driven Bean, JavaScript and
Oracle.

6. PSquare Tool

             Client: Wipro Technologies

	Team Size: 4

Description:

    PSquare tool is used by Project Managers and Technical Managers to
view/edit employee details in an organization for the current month.
This tool can also be accessed by users like Group Head and HR Managers
to view employee details based on their organization hierarchal
structures. The tool generates month wise Summary Report which the End
user can view it in excel sheet depending on the inputs entered by the
PM/TM for the particular month.

The modules of the project from user perspective are Employee Data
Updating, Approval, Reporting, Super User and SAP Synch up utility.

Managers will use Employee Data Updating and Approval modules to update
data for employees on a month to month basis and to approve
modifications done to employee data. 

.

Responsibility:	

Involved in system prototype design and user acceptance.

Responsible for deploying and administrating application.

Environment:  Java, Servlets, JSP, Struts 1.2, Tomcat 5.0, HTML, XML,
JavaScript

7. eCSC (Electronic Customer Service Center)

	Client: Equant.

	Team Size: 8

Description:

	eCSC is a customer support tool used by Equant. It uses internet to
provide the customers with the facility for creating, managing and
checking the progress of their issues resolution. This service allows
logging of faults through a single entry point and subsequent forwarding
to the correct fault resolution group eliminating the need to call
different support numbers for different services. The generated tickets
will be directed to a dedicated Case Management Team who will own the
problem to resolution

Responsibility:

Developed Servlets that translates interactions with the JSP pages into
actions to be performed by the backend.

Involved in developing the server side business logic.

Environment: JSP, Servlets, Struts, JDBC and JBOSS.

	

