From last how many  years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?  

Hibernate                           
               -  6 month
&current                                
               

Spring                  
                               -  6
months&current                             
                   

Web
Services                                
       -  no
handon                                 
               

Core
Java                                  
             -  4.3 years

Design
Patterns                                
    -   used design pattern  

UML
design                                 
          -    no

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)                    -   
maven/ant   

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Eclipse/weblogic

					Resume

						    Name : Naveen Kumar G

						     e-mail:naveen11.12.89@gmail.com

						     Contact No: 8099944982

Summary

BE (Electronics & Communications) from Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of
Technology (CBIT) with around 4.4 years of IT experience.

   

Banking and Credit Card Domain Experience along with the experience in
automotive domain.

Experience in core to software development, Production issue Fixes,
maintenance and production support using Java & J2EE.

Thorough working knowledge with Software Development tools: Java, JDBC,
J2EE, Servlets, JSP, Java Script, Struts 1.x & Web logic 11g, Log4j.

Have good Knowledge on Hibernate, Spring. 

Experience in leading life cycle projects through Requirement gathering,
Designing, Developing, Integrating and Testing applications using
advanced technologies in business engineering environment

A self-starter willing to tackle new and challenging problems and able
to work in a fast-paced environment.

Has the motivation to take independent responsibility as well as ability
to contribute and be a productive team player.

Good analytical and problem solving skills and willingness to learn new
    domain and technologies.

Education

AWARD	NAME OF THE INSTITUTE	YEAR OF PASSING	PERCENTAGE OF MARKS

BE	CBIT(O.U)	2010	78.6

INTERMEDIATE	ALPHORES JR COLLEGE	2006	96.8

SSC	ZPHS SHANIGARAM	2004	89.66



EAMCET RANK	:							1663

Professional Experience

Worked with Birla Soft Hyderabad, as a Software Engineer since
July 2010 to July 2013

Working with Accenture, As Software Engineer since July 2013 to
till date.

Technical Skills

Java technologies	  :   JDBC, Servlets, JSP,  Log4j

Languages	  :   Java, SQL

RDBMS	  :   Oracle9i

Web technologies	  :   HTML and JavaScript.

IDE/Other Tools	  :   Eclipse, Edit plus.

Operating systems	  :   Windows 9x &2k 

Servers	  :   Web logic 9.2 & 11g, Tomcat.

Frame work               	  :   Struts 1.x, Hibernate, Spring

Quality Tool	  :   Quality Center

Configuration Tools	  :   CVS

Achievements

Appreciated multiple times by business for my efficiency in coding.

Stepped in as an Associate S/w Engineer in Birla soft and started
working on one of the most critical and important applications by name
GE, Workstation. Slowly mastered in the Workstation and grown to the
level wherein I could independently handle critical use cases and has
become one of the critical application members and have got many
appreciations from the client.

Could successfully handle the business (Customers) and build the trust
in the client that BIRLASOFT team can handle their needs and grabbed few
of the work requests in the project.

Projects Handled

Career Profile (starting from the most recently executed):

1) BMW–SAO (BMW, Germany)		                          Sept-2014 to till
today

Organization: Accenture

Team Size: 5 

Description:

SAO project is the IT support project for the BMW vehicle management. It
includes applications for Ordering vehicles and spare parts, dealing
with models and configurations, warranty systems.

We are part of ordering application. It’s called as IVS-R. It’s
basically an application where user orders the vehicles and deals with
customer Information, modifying the orders and vehicles, transferring
between dealers, managing dealers etc.

It’s a development and enhancement project and below are the roles and
responsibilities of the team

Roles and Responsibilities:

Responsible for working with team, vendors and other business partners
and make sure that all area of the release is properly managed

Requirement gathering for changes or add-ons.

Make sure that all the deliverables are in line with production.

Involved in the business analyst calls for requirements freezing.

Writing Technical Approach as per requirements and getting them signed
off from clients

Writing Technical Design Document based on the requirement provided by
the client and getting signoff from client.

Developed Action Classes, DAO and JSP pages for the relative modules.

Interaction with the other teams - Testing team, Middleware team etc.

Finding the root cause of the problem and solving it.

Helping maintenance team in finding out the solution by debugging the
code

Achievements:

Appreciated multiple times by business for my efficiency in coding.

Started working on one of the most critical and important applications
by name IVS-R,BMW. Slowly mastered in the SAO and grown to the level
wherein I could independently handle critical use cases and has become
one of the critical application members and have got many appreciations
from the client.

Could successfully handle the business (Customers) and build the trust
in the client that ACCENTURE team can handle their needs and grabbed few
of the work requests in the project.

Environment: 

Software: Java/JSP, Struts, Hibernate

Database: Oracle 9i

Tools: Eclipse, Web Logic, Edit Plus, DB2

2) GE – Workstation (GE Money, USA)		         July-2010 to till
July-2014

Organization: Birlasoft

Team Size: 130 

Description:

GE - Workstation is a Call Center Application. This application provides
service for credit card holders of Clients such as Wal-Mart, JC Penney
etc. who have been financed by GE. It supports the credit cards issued
by the giant shopping malls (around 1250 clients) in US, Canada and
Mexico. In addition, certain non-GE financed credit cards are also
serviced through the GE call centers. 

This project is broadly classified into customer collection and customer
service. Customer collection deals with the collection of money from the
customer. Customer service deals all the activities that are handled at
the workstation (call centre) to serve the customer requests. Customer
related data is on mainframes and client information and the business
rules are on oracle databases. Apollo workstation application and the
mainframes are connected with the 3rd party application (Mercator). 

The GE call center Agent uses the application for receiving queries from
credit card holders (Primary, Co-Primary, Authorized users etc.) based
on the details provided and responds to the same by checking the
information with the Workstation application. The details given by
Cardholder are verified and only after verification is completed CSR
provides relevant information for getting customer requests processed.
In addition, work requests or change controls can be raised by
prospective customers for information that will be serviced by queuing
the requests and service later by using workflow management.

Role & Responsibility:

As a Software Engineer, I am responsible for

Working with the Business / Business Analysts to understand the
requirements and use it to create technical solutions for the
application with the technical team.

Programming JDBC connectivity and interaction with middleware (Mercator
tool).

Designing layout and coding front-end using jsp

JavaScript and HTML for client side scripting 

Used Web Logic as application server for deployment

Providing estimates for the Work requests in the module and getting
client approvals.

Preparation / Review of the Technical Design documents and client
sign-off.

Provide technical guidance to the team for development as well as
support issues during testing and resolving the bugs/issues encountered.

Interaction with the other teams - Testing team, Infra-Team (support
services), Run team (Production support), Middleware team etc.

Participated in the verification and validation and quality assurance.

Worked on different API’s for the interaction of application and 3rd
party system.

Even worked as a Business Analyst for some of the work requests and
worked on requirements gathering and prepared Business requirements
document and Functional design document.

Worked as a tester for little duration on telephony use case and
prepared test cases also.

Achievements:

Appreciated multiple times by for my efficiency in coding

Started working as an ASE in one of the most critical and important
applications by name GE Workstation. Slowly mastered in the coding
technologies and grown to the level wherein I could independently handle
critical releases and has become one of the critical application members
and have got many appreciations from the client.

Environment: 

Software: Java/JSP, Struts, Middleware.

Database: Oracle 9i 

Tools: Eclipse, Web Logic, Edit Plus, SQL developer, Mercator, ODS

-

0

5

<

=

>

D

H

L

M

O

]

^

i

k

l

p

~

‰

”

 

ª

«

¬

´

µ

h{

-

/

0

<

=

>

^

‰

«

¬

´

␃ഃ׆Ā֠愀̤摧ྜ}

␃༃梄币梄愁̤摧᫆Nഀµ

Ö

Ü

ü



h"m

h{

h{

L

V

X

\

^

r

y

€

„

…

‡

”

›

œ

ž

´

¾

h"m

¾

Ç

È

É

Ê

h{

h{

h{

h"m

愀̤摧᫆N

h{

␃愃̤摧᫆N

␃༃킄市킄愂̤摧系@

̤̀☊ଁࡆഀ׆Ā܈愆̤摧䳹¡

̤̀☊ଁࡆ愀̤摧䳹¡

h{

h{

␃愃̤

␃⨃$␱㔁Ĥ␷㠀$⑈愀̤摧壴÷
̤̀☊଀ె⨀$␱㔁Ĥ␷㠀$⑈愀̤摧壴÷ᄀPersonal Profile

Date of Birth  		:	August 11th, 1989

Martial Status		:	Single

Nationality			:	Indian	

					

	

