Sharaf. Satish Kumar

Software Engineer,					                            			            

CA Technologies, India.									

Professional Summary

Having around 4+ years of experience in Software development and
extensively worked on web based applications.

With Innovating thought process with proven track record with one patent
and product level influenced ideas.

And

Good exposure to AGILE/SCRUM methodology of work.

Good exposure to Test-Driven-Development (TDD) and Pair Programming.

Solid knowledge in Java, OOP`s, Google Web Toolkit Frame Work.

Very basic knowledge on Mainframe operations and RHEL.

Professional Experience:

Over 4+year Experience with CA Technologies since joined as fresher from
Jan’2011 up to till date.

Education Profile:     

B.Tech in IT, NIT Patna with distinction in Information Technology, 2010
with CGPA 8.48/10.

Technical Skills:

Java, OOP’s, Google Web toolkit, JUnit, MySQL, Algorithms and Data
Structures, Web Services, Android SDK, HTML.	

Awards:

Patent: 

 SECURE USER INPUT MODE FOR ELECTRONIC DEVICES USING RANDOMIZED
MATHEMATICAL OPERATORS AND OPERANDS.

Filed under application number: 14741946 at USPTO by CA Technologies.

Above Award FY14 - For delivering working model of Focus Manager which
improved the Chorus Investigator User’s 

	Navigation across various panels in Investigator easily.

Product Details:

	

Current Product:         CA Unified Infrastructure Management (CA UIM) 

Environment: Java, UniREST, Jenkins, Maven, MySQL, Eclipse.

CA Unified Infrastructure Management (CA UIM) is a scalable IT
monitoring solution that provides 360-degree visibility into systems and
infrastructure performance. It creates a single, unified architecture
for both traditional and cloud environments, enabling you to proactively
monitor performance and availability.

Previous Product:          CA Chorus (R & D).

Environment: Java, GWT/GXT v2.4, Teiid v8, H2,CA  DATACOM, CA Top
Secret, JAX-RS, JBoss v7, System Z, Eclipse.

CA Chorus is a revolutionary mainframe 2.0 management paradigm; it is
the Next-Generation Mainframe Management Platform, which dramatically
simplifies mainframe management.

Innovations out of product experience:

Focus Manager: Innovated a new and user friendly feature on the chorus
platform which improved the user’s navigation experience. This fetch
me up an above award of the quarter and stood as the first feature from
India Technology Center which is been approved officially by on shore
side.

History Reader: Another feather in the hat of investigator which helps
in getting the summary of historical data by summarizing the 100s of
breadcrumbs in a single and small popup. Product owners created a User
facing story.

TECHPOINT PROFILE

