From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3yearsÂ &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -  3
year&currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â  - 
3yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  5.10

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â 1 year 

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Maven/Ant/gradelÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Tomcat

							

                                                     Suresh Yenugula    
                        

                                                    Email:
sureshyenugula85@gmail.com

                                                          	 9966499808

	

Summary

	Having 5 years 10 months of  experience in  IT Industry in various
roles as a programmer . My core skills are in Java design and
development for web technologies, working with customers in identifying
and understanding business problems and building solutions. I am always
looking for ways to help my team work more effectively through improved
technical practices.

Technical Expertise

Solid Knowledge of coding technologies on Core Java, Hibernate and
Spring framework.

Rich experience with Deploying applications and Handling applications on
Tomcat X.X 

Hands on experience on Restful Web Services

Used Hudson for deploying  the changes in DEV and QA environments.

Participation in scrum stand up meetings. Pair Programming, Continuous
Delivery, Shared Ownership. Making work visible, Participating in
estimation sessions, Design discussions, Retrospectives, and other team
meetings

Professional Experience

Working as a  Senior Software Engineer in Wavecrest Payment Technologies
pvt Ltd, Hyderabad from April 2012 to till date.

Worked as a Software Engineer in Mindteck India Ltd, Bangalore from
December 2010 to till March 2012.

Worked as a Software Engineer in Brainy way Software Technology
Solutions, Hyderabad from June 2008 to June 2010.

Educational Profile

Master Of Computer Applications  from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological
University.

 Skill Set 

       

Operating System		Linux, Unix, Windows 

Programming Languages	java

Web Technologies	             J2EE(Spring, Struts, JSP and Servlet) 

Web Services                              Spring WS, Spring Remoting

Markup Languages		HTML

Database Technologies              MySQL 

Build Tools                                  Ant,gradle,maven

Open Source Frameworks          Spring and Hibernate

Web Server                                  Apache Tomcat

IDE                                              Eclipse,STS

Version Control                           Subversion

Bug Tracking Tool                       Mantis and Bugzilla

Others                                          SOAP, sqlyog, code
collabarator

Project Profile

Project #1:

Name              :  O2 Money & Media

Client	            :  O2

Project Description:

O2 is one of the leading Telecom Service providers of UK and the one of
the first company to provide E-Wallet Service to its customers in UK.
This E-Wallet Service consists of Web Flow (Online Channel) & Mobile App
with O2 Money Card which customer can use for any financial
transactions. This card can be used for both Open Loop and Closed Loop
networks. Using E-wallet Service the user can perform P2P
(Person-to-Person) funds Transfer, can perform financial transactions
using his E-wallet or using O2-Money-Card, can register other Service
Provider Cards as well. Currently, the Cards are being routed through
VISA, Europe and MasterCard, Europe networks. Itâ€™s a complete Banking
application which can be availed through his E-Wallet. The E-Wallet also
has its own Messaging Service, Mailing Service along with Notification
Service, Ledger (SVA) Service, Card Service, Cashier Service, Rule
Engine, KYC Engine, Verification Service and Risk Management Service to
make the application as a whole End-to-End World Class Banking Service.

		This will be the First ever E-Wallet Service which will provide the
Banking Application through a Telecom Company in UK. And this will be
implemented for whole Telefonica all over the world in later stage.

Environment		Linux, Core Java, J2EE (Spring, JSP, Servlet), Spring WS,

                                       Spring MVC, SOAP, XML, Apache-
Active MQ(JMS),

                                       Ant, MySQL

Roles and Responsibilities:

Involved in entire Software development Life Cycle(SDLC) and Low level
design.

Involved in development Of new Registration process of  O2-Wallet.And
Integrated with PAF lookup service, which gets all the possible address
details of user if he enters pin code.

Involved in P2P Transfer , which is transferring money from one wallet
to another wallet for both WEB and Mobile API's.

Involved in P2P Request for both WEB and Mobile API's.

Involved  in the development of  Promotational Services, for the
advertisement of O2 Wallet.O2 used to send promotational codes to their
customers. Once they registered they can load that amount to  their
ledger account.

Profile And Preferences, where user can change his  address details or
wallet and transaction password details.

I was solely responsible for E-walletâ€™s CSR (SOA) Development by
exposing the all services as SOAP API.

Iâ€™ve involved some key features of the development like Messaging
Service , and Money Message Reject for E-Wallet  WEB.

Integration between Cashier, E-Wallet, Ledger and Card Services .

Involved in code review.

worked on Change Request and Bug fixes.

Project #2:

Name              : MY MONEDERO

Client	           : Wavecrest

Project Description:

My Monedero is a ewallet account that can be used for fundtransfer and
transactional purpose. Each My Monedero account will be created along
with active virtual Master card which can be used for online
transaction. we are validating OFAC verification for avoiding  fraud
users. if eligible, has the option to upgrade to a plastic MasterCard
and can use both virtual and Master Cards. With a MyMonedero Account, we
can transfer money from our account to another with ease and the funds
are instantly credited to our friend's account. All we have to do is
register our friend as a buddy to our account. If our friend is already
a MyMonedero user, we will be able to transfer money to him instantly.
If he is new to MyMonedero, we can still invite him to be our buddy. we
will be able to transfer funds to him as soon as he signs up.

And My Monedero Customer can load funds into his account using any
master/visa card he has. He can use bith debit/credit cards to load
funds to his ewallet account.MY Monedero is accessible to customers in
15 countries in the world.

Environment		Linux, Core Java, J2EE (Spring, JSP, Servlet), Spring WS,

                                      Spring MVC,SOAP, XML, Apache-
Active MQ(JMS), Ant, MySQL.

Roles And Responsibilities:

Involved in development of ewallet registration process and validating
OFAC check for avoiding fraud users.

Involved in Buddy Invites and Buddy transfers.

Involved Changed Password functionality.

Involved in update address functionality.

Involved ForgotSecurityQuestion and ResetSecurityQuestion
functionalities.

Involved in Code review.

Involved in Change Request and bugfixes.

Project #3:

Title 	              :   Provident Fund and ESI Software Consultant
(PESC)

Role	              :   Team Member

Project Description:

PESC (Provident Fund and ESI [Employee State Insurance] Software
Consultant) is a multi-user, web-based product solution which helps in
calculating Provident Fund, ESI amount of the employees and
organization. The product acts in all phases of the process. This
product is mainly useful to understand the business of the PF&ESI
Consultancy agencies, their operations, analyze their requirements,
convert them in to technical requirements, design the system, develop
and maintain the system. Using this PESC efficiency will be increased
and time will be saved which increases the business of PF office.

Role and Responsibilities

 Designer and Developer.

Involved on programming on the core product development using J2EE,
Struts.

Application environment details

Operating System : Windows-XP.

Skills                      : Java, struts, spring. 

Environment          : Java 1.5, Jsp 2.0, HTML 4.0, CSS, Struts,
Hibernate                                                               
          	                               Eclipse 3.1, MYSQL 5.0 and
Tomcat 6.x.

Contribution            : I was involved in successfully  developing
Code. 

Project #4:

Title 	              :    Rent A Vehicle

Role	              :    Team Member

Project Description:

This is web application to manage the vehicle renting details. The
organization rents the vehicle on hourly and daily basis and those
details will be will be maintained by the website.

Modules:

Vehicle details

Customer details

Employee details

Role and Responsibilities

 Designer and Developer.

Involved on programming on the core product development using J2EE,
Struts.

Unit Testing

 Application environment details:

Operating System: Windows-XP.

Skills                      : Java, struts, spring. 

Environment          : Java 1.5, Jsp 2.0, HTML 4.0, CSS, XML, Struts
1.x,                                                                    
     	                               Eclipse 3.1, MYSQL 5.0 and Tomcat
6.x.

Contribution            : I was involved in successfully developing
Code. 

