SRIDHAR BANDARU

                                                    		Mobile 	:	+91-
9848430885, 8179608101

						E-mail  	:	sridhar.banddaru@gmail.com

Professional Summary

Having 11+ years of experience Front End Designing and Development of
Web based and enterprise applications.

Parallax Designing, Single Page Applications, Liquid Flow Applications,
Native Applications.

Proficient in

Waterfall Model

Interactive Incremental Model

Agile Developments

Agile Manifesto

Scrum Master

Scrum Master Services to the Product Owner

Scrum Master Services to the Scrum Team

Scrum Master Services to the Organization

Scrum Process Frame Work

Sprint

In Sprint planning,the work to be performed in the Sprint is planned
collaboratively by the Scrum Team.

The Daily Scrum Meeting is a 15-minute time-boxed event for the Scrum
Team to synchronize the activities and create a plan for that day.

A Sprint Review is held at the end of the Sprint to inspect the
Increment and make changes to the Product Backlog,if needed.

The Sprint Retrospective occurs after the Sprint Review and prior to the
next Sprint Planning this meeting, the Scrum Team is to inspect itself
and create a plan for improvements to be enacted during the subsequent
Sprint.

              Sprint Backlogs

              User Stories

Experience in Web Applications Development Using Angular JS, JavaScript,
Jquery, HTML5, CSS3, XHTML, Bootstrap,  Magento, Wordpress. XML, JSON, 
Ajax, Notepad++, Dream-weaver, Eclipse to develop web-based solutions.

Proficient in Trendy and  Web 2 Template Designing Using Photoshop &
CorelDraw for Mobile,Tablet, PC Compatibility. 

Experience in Logo & Icon  Designing using CorelDraw & Illustrator for
Branding

Good interpersonal skills, commitment, result oriented, hard working
with a quest and zeal to learn new technologies and undertake
challenging tasks.

Work Experience

Working as a Sr. Software Engineer for, Adaequare Info Pvt Ltd. in
Hyderabad from January 2013 to Till Date.

Worked as a Sr. Software Engineer for, Photon Infotech Pvt Ltd in
Chennai from October 2011 to august 2012

Worked as a Sr. Web Developer for, Summit works Technologies Inc. in
Hyderabad from March 2011 to October 2011.

Worked as a Sr. Web Developer for, Landon School of Scholars. in
Hyderabad from  Feb 2010 to March 2011.

Worked as a Web Designer for, Beryl Springs Infrastructure Pvt Ltd. In
Hyderabad from December 2008 to Feb 2010.

Worked as a Web and Graphic Designer for, Colors Impact Multimedia. in
Tirupati from  Feb 2004 to November 2008.





Technical Skills

Scripting Language		: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Jquery, XML, JSON, Ajax.

Frame Works		 	: Angular JS, Responsive Design  with Bootstrap, 960GS,  
                                                    				  WordPress,
Magento.

Responsive 			:  HTML 5, CSS3, LESS, SASS, Responsive Design, 

      

Editing Tools Web     		: Dreamweaver, Eclipse, Adobe Premier, Sound
Forge

Animation Tools        		: Adobe Flash, 3DS Max

Design Tools		    	: Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, CorelDraw

Crass Browser Computability	: IE, Chrome, Opera, Firefox, Safari etc.

Projects Experiences

Project #16	

	Project Name: 		Udyog Software Web Site,

	Environment: 		WordPress,HTML5, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS3, Eclipse,
Bootstrap responsive  Design with 			Bootstrap.

			

	Client: 			Udyog Software Pvt Ltd, 

	Duration: 		March 2015  Till Date

	Role: 			UX&UI Lead for Part Time Role,

	Description: 		 This is Udyog Software Website, This will explain about
Udyog Software , 				Product and their Services, completely informatics
site which is designed in 				WordPress.

  

	Responsibilities:

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs 

Scrum Process Frame Work

In Sprint planning,the work to be performed in the Sprint is planned
collaboratively by the Scrum Team.

The Daily Scrum Meeting is a 15-minute time-boxed event for the
ScrumTeam to synchronize the activities and create a plan for that day.

A Sprint Review is held at the end of the Sprint to inspect the
Increment and make changes to the Product Backlog,if needed.

The Sprint Retrospective occurs after the Sprint Review and prior to the
next Sprint Planning this meeting, the Scrum Team is to inspect itself
and create a plan for improvements to be enacted during the subsequent
Sprint.

Keeping up-to-date with recent technological and software developments

Developing skills and expertise in appropriate software/programming
languages including WordPress, AngularJS,HTML5, CSS3, Javascript ,
Jquery and others 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 

Working as part of a multidisciplinary team 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing

Code Integration

Working as part of a multidisciplinary team

Bugs Fixing

Project #15	

	Project Name: 		Excellor

	Environment: 		HTML5, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS3, Eclipse, Bootstrap
responsive  Design with 				Bootstrap.

			

	Client: 			Adaequare, 

	Duration: 		January 2015  Till Date

	Role: 			UX&UI Lead

	Description: 		 This is one of the Online Product selling portal, with
futures of Dashboard and 				Admin pannel along with social futures.
This site Completely Responsive 					Designed for Desktop, Tablet &
Mobile devices independent.

  

	Responsibilities:

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs 

Scrum Process Frame Work

In Sprint planning,the work to be performed in the Sprint is planned
collaboratively by the Scrum Team.

The Daily Scrum Meeting is a 15-minute time-boxed event for the
ScrumTeam to synchronize the activities and create a plan for that day.

A Sprint Review is held at the end of the Sprint to inspect the
Increment and make changes to the Product Backlog,if needed.

The Sprint Retrospective occurs after the Sprint Review and prior to the
next Sprint Planning this meeting, the Scrum Team is to inspect itself
and create a plan for improvements to be enacted during the subsequent
Sprint.

Keeping up-to-date with recent technological and software developments

Developing skills and expertise in appropriate software/programming
languages including AngularJS,HTML5, CSS3, Javascript , Jquery and
others 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing

Code Integration

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team

Bugs Fixing

Project #14	

	Project Name: 		Havasay

	Environment: 		AngularJS,HTML5, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS3, Eclipse,
Bootstrap, Sansa Touch 				with Responsive Design with Bootstrap.	

		

	Client: 			Adaequare, 

	Duration:		 March 2014 January 2015

	Role: 			UX&UI Lead

	Description: 		 This is Service provider for social plunging and
analytic Web Application for 				Android Mobile, Android Tablets  and
desktops, This is fully HTML5, CSS3, 				Jquery Mobile and Sansa Touch
Loaded Application.

	Responsibilities: 					

Planning for Wire frame Designing using Photoshop, 

Suggesting to the team to give Trendy Themes, and user friendly
Templates

Producing sample sites

Scrum Process Frame Work

Meeting with Client to discuss requirements and/or project progress

Keeping up-to-date with recent technological and software developments

Developing skills and expertise in appropriate software/programming
languages including HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS,Javascript , Jquery and
others 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 

Working as part of a multidisciplinary team 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing

Designing,developing and updating the web sites in particular using
graphic design skills 

Code Integration

Bugs Fixing

Project # 13                                          

	Project Name: 		Listany

	Environment: 		HTML5, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS3, Eclipse, Bootstrap,
Sansa Touch, 					backbhone js

	Client: 			Adaequare

	Duration: 		January 2013 to March 2014	

		

	Role: 			UX&UI Lead

	Description:		Listany is shopping cart project, as of now we are
released Classifieds Version. 				Here will sell all human needs &
fashion related Product selling by online. Here 				is different kind of
products like Gent's ware, Women Ware, Kids ware, Kitchen 				Ware,
Decoration Ware, cosmetics etc. selling by online.	

	Responsibilities:	

								

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs 

Producing sample sites

Meeting with Client to discuss requirements and/or project progress

Keeping up-to-date with recent technological and software developments

Designing,developing and updating the web sites in particular using
graphic design skills 

Developing skills and expertise in appropriate software/programming
languages including HTML5, CSS3, Javascript , Jquery and others 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing

Code Integration

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team

Bugs Fixing

Project #12

	Project Name: 		Macy's

	Environment: 		HTML5, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS, Eclipse

	Client: 			Macy's US

	Duration: 		March 2012 to August 2012

	Role: 			UI Designer

	Description:		Macy's is shopping cart project, All human needs &
fashion related Product 				selling by online . Product order and order
tracking process web site. Here is 				different kind of products like
Gent's ware, Women Ware, Kids ware, Kitchen 				Ware, Decoration Ware,
cosmetics etc. selling by online.This is fully HTML5, 				CSS3, Jquery
Mobile and Sansa Touch Boostrap and Backbhone Js Loaded 				Application
.

	Responsibilities: 		

Meeting with Client to discuss requirements and/or project progress

Keeping up-to-date with recent technological and software developments

Designing,developing and updating the web sites in particular using
graphic design skills 

Developing skills and expertise in appropriate software/programming
languages including HTML5, CSS3, Javascript , Jquery and others 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing

Code Integration

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team

Bugs Fixing

Project #11

	Project Name: 		Ballard Designs

	Environment: 		Photoshop, HTML CSS, JavaScript, Jquery.	

	

	Client: 			Ballard Designs, US

	Duration: 		February 2012 to March 2012

	Role:			UI Designer

	Description:		Cart to sell furniture, Wall Decors, Lighting,
Accessories, Rugs, Table wares, 				Entertainments, Outdoor living,
Liners & Fabrics etc. 

	Responsibilities: 				

Creating web site designs 

Producing sample sites

Meeting with Client to discuss requirements and/or project progress

Keeping up-to-date with recent technological and software developments

Designing,developing and updating the web sites in particular using
graphic design skills 

Developing skills and expertise in appropriate software/programming
languages including HTML5, CSS3, Javascript , Jquery and others 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing

Code Integration

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team

Bugs Fixing

Project #10

	Project Name: 		Whitehat

	Environment: 		HTML5, Jquery, JavaScript	

		

	Client: 			Whitehat, US

	Duration: 		December 2011 to February 2012

	Role: 			UI Designer

	Description:		White-hat is a private browser, which is code copyrights
taken by Google 				Chrome, we are modified and added new futures like
Ad blocking by URL wise 				and by advertisements list wise as per
client requirement. This is fully HTML5, 				CSS3, Jquery , Java Script,
Node js Loaded Application.

	Responsibilities: 					

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs 

Producing sample sites

Meeting with Client to discuss requirements and/or project progress

Keeping up-to-date with recent technological and software developments

Developing skills and expertise in appropriate software/programming
languages including HTML5, CSS3, Javascript , Jquery and others 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing

Code Integration

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team

Bugs Fixing

Project # 9    

	Project Name: 		TravelClick

	Environment: 		HTML5, YUI, Jquery, JavaScript, JSON	

	

	Client: 			TravelClick, US

	Duration: 		October 2011 to December 2011

	Role: 			UI Designer

	Description:		TravelClick is online Reservation for hotelier service,
Booking Engine service to 				book the hotel all over the world. Nearly
thousands of hotels are in under this 				booking engine, those hotel
informations are getting from services.

	Responsibilities:				

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs 

Producing sample sites

Meeting with Client to discuss requirements and/or project progress

Keeping up-to-date with recent technological and software developments

Developing skills and expertise in appropriate software/programming
languages including HTML5, CSS3, Javascript , Jquery and others 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing

Code Integration

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team

Bugs Fixing

Project #8

	Project Name: 		HR Management

	

	Environment: 		Photoshop, HTML CSS, JavaScript, Jquery		

	Client: 			Summit Works, US 

	Duration: 		August 2011 September 2011

	Role: Sr. 		Web Designer

	Description:		Application , This is designed for Payroll, Attendance,
Leave and Employee 				management software, This is free ware any one
can Download and use, This is 				powered and presented free of cost by
Summit Works Technologies Inc.

 	Responsibilities:					

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs 

Producing sample sites

Meeting with Client to discuss requirements and/or project progress

Keeping up-to-date with recent technological and software developments

Developing skills and expertise in appropriate software/programming
languages including HTML5, CSS3, Javascript , Jquery and others 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing

Code Integration

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team

Bugs Fixing

Project #7

	Project Name: 		Tropical Cheese (Desk top Application)

	Environment: 		Photoshop, HTML CSS, JavaScript, Jquery	

	

	Client: 			Tropical Cheese, US

	Duration: 		June 2011 August 2011

	Role: 			Sr. Web Designer

	Description:		This is Cheese online selling Company, we did desktop &
Ipad Application to 				track the Stock, Orders and Delivery status and
store the Customer Details.

 	Responsibilities:					

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs 

Producing sample sites

Meeting with Client to discuss requirements and/or project progress

Keeping up-to-date with recent technological and software developments

Developing skills and expertise in appropriate software/programming
languages including HTML5, CSS3, Javascript , Jquery and others 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing

Code Integration

Bugs Fixing

Project #6

	Project Name: 		Event Management (Desk top Application)	

	Environment: 		Photoshop, HTML CSS, JavaScript, Jquery	

	

	Client: 			Summit Works, US 

	Duration:		 May 2011 June 2011

	Role: 			Sr. Web Designer

	Description: 		This project explains about event management, like Event
Organizer will 					conduct events, with help of VIP celebrities and
with their comfort dates, in 				where r cities shopping malls. So this
application is looks like a calendar in 				which date are going to
conduct the event, there they can store data like 					celebrity
Details, Shopping mall Details, City & country Details, What kinds of 		
	Prices and Discounts they are going to announce. By Clicking on the
date, all 				the details will display in pop-up window.

	 Responsibilities: 					

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs 

Producing sample sites

Meeting with client to discuss requirements and/or project progress

Keeping up-to-date with recent technological and software developments

Developing skills and expertise in appropriate software/programming
languages including HTML5, CSS3, Javascript , Jquery and others 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing

Code Integration

Bugs Fixing

Project #5

	Project Name: 		SBA (Transport Management Desktop Application)	

	Environment: 		Photoshop, HTML CSS, JavaScript, Jquery

		

	Client: 			Summit Works, US 

	Duration: 		March 2011 May 2011

	Role: 			Sr. Web Designer

	Description:		This project explains about Transport management, Once
you book transport 				of your goods, hear you can track the details
where your things are hold and 				when its will deliver, tracking
numbers everything. And here can store customer 				details once you
approach. This application will provide you user name and 				password
if you are transport dealer.

 	Responsibilities:					

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs 

Producing sample sites

Designing,developing and updating the web sites in particular using
graphic design skills 

Meeting with client to discuss requirements and/or project progress

Keeping up-to-date with recent technological and software developments

Developing skills and expertise in appropriate software/programming
languages including HTML, CSS, Javascript , Jquery and others 

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 

Working as Individual contributor,

Producing products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing

Bugs Fixing

Project #4

	Project Name: 		Landon school of scholars	

	Environment: 		Photoshop, HTML , CSS, Dreamweaver, Flash	

	

	Client: 			Landon School of Scholars, UK

	Duration: 		February 2010 November 2010

	Role: 			Web Designer

	Description:   		This project explains about Landon School of School of
Scholars course and 				fees structures and student visa process
details, student application process, 				and eligibility etc details.

 	Responsibilities:	

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs using HTML, CSS and Dreamweaver

Producing sample sites

Meeting with client  to discuss requirements and/or task progres

Logo Designing

Flayer Designing

Working as Individual contributor

Existing Website Modification,

Project #3

	Project Name: 		Beryl Springs	

	Environment: 		Photoshop, HTML, CSS, Dreamweaver	

	Client: 			Beryl Springs Infrastructure Pvt Ltd.

	Duration: 		July 2009 January 2010

	Role: 			Web Designer

	Description:		This project explains about Beryl Springs and there
futures, this is an 					infrastructure company. There is a lands near
by Hyderabad, they will give the 				publicity information through this
site. And trying to give clear details about 				infrastructure using
videos and images

 	Responsibilities:					

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs using HTML and CSS 

Producing sample sites

Meeting with client  to discuss requirements and/or task progres

Logo Designing

Flayer Designing

Working as Individual contributor

Project #2

	Project Name: 		Logo Designing & Brouchers Designing

	Environment: 		Photoshop, CorelDraw	

	Client: 			BerylSprings Infrastucture Pvt

	Duration:		 January 2009 July2009

	Role: 			Web Designer

	Description:		I designed 35 Logos to finalize to one logo for this
organization. But every logo 				indicates the goal of the company. 

 

	Responsibilities:					

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs 

Producing sample sites

Designing,developing and updating the web sites in particular using
graphic design skills 

Template Designing

Logo Designing

Flayer Designing

Working as Individual contributor

Project #1

	Project Name: 		Logo Designing & Brouchers Designing and web sites,
Leafe Letrters, Cartoon 				Drawings for Animation Project for Local
School

	Environment: 		Photoshop, CorelDraw		

	Client: 			Colors Impact Multimedia.

	Duration: 		February 2004 November 2008

	Role: 			Graphic & Web Designer

	Description:		I designed 35 Logos to finalize to one logo for this
organization. But every logo 				indicates the goal of the company

 	Responsibilities:	

Wire frame Designing using Photoshop

Creating web site designs 

Designing,developing and updating the web sites in particular using
graphic design skills 

Logo Designing

Flayer Designing

Working as Individual contributor

Education	

	Bachelor of Business Administration from Ch. Charansingh University,
Meerut.





