From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     -1
yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â  -  4years&
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -  3years& current

Core JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  5.5years

Design PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -yesÂ Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â MavenÂ Â  /Ant

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Jetti/weblogic/jboss/eclipse

DB:oracle

Panga Sivasankar Reddy

Email: pssr.java@gmail.com

Mobile:+91-9248000656

Experience Summary:

Having 5.5 Years of experience in the development of Client/Server and
Web Applications.

Extensive experience in developing applications using Java, J2EE
technologies.

Expertise in J2EE technologies Servlets, JSP ,JDBC, Struts, Hibernate.

Extensive experience in Struts 1.x, Spring 2.x, Hibernate 3.x, 
technologies and in-depth knowledge of J2EE.

Having awareness in WebServices implementation.

Part of the team implementing JAVA/J2EE Design Patterns in multi tier
Architecture.

Having good knowledge in design and understanding the project
architecture in multi tier.

Solid background in Object-Oriented analysis and design.

Having strong analytical and programming skills.

Strong ability to learn, absorb and use new technologies quickly.

Excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills.

Professional Experience:	

Working as a software engineer with Prokarma Softech Pvt Ltd.,Hyderabad
from Augâ€˜12 to till date.

Working as a software engineer with Four Soft Ltd.,Hyderabad from
Septâ€˜10 to Julyâ€™12.

Worked as software engineer for Elite Tex  IT Solutions Pvt.Ltd,
Bangalore from May â€™09 to Sepâ€™10

Educational Qualification: 

Master Of Computer Applications (M C A) from Kakatiya University,
Warangal  2008.

 

Technical Skills: 

Skills	Experience	   Awareness

Operating System	Windows XP, 7

	Languages	Java, C, C++

	Database S/W	Oracle, MySQL

	Web Technologies	Html, XML, Java Script	Angular JS

J2EE Technologies	Servlets, JSP, JDBC,JMS

	ORM Technologies		Hibernate

	Frameworks	Struts1.x, Spring2.x, Wicket

	WebServices	Jax-WS	Restful

Servers	Web Logic, JBoss, Tomcat,Jetty

	UML Modeling Tool	Poseidon

	Tools	Log4j, Ant, AndroMDA, MVN, Tibco

	

Project Thesis 

Project Title	Projects worked 

ITOS.

eLog.                                                      

eCustoms .

Master Application Tracking System. 



Assignments

        The details of the various assignments that I have handled are
listed here, in chronological order.

           ( Project No 1:

Project 	ITOS(Intermodal Terminal Operating System).

Customer	UPRR, USA

Period	Aug  â€˜12 to till date

Description	This Project deals operations involved at Yard Level in
Logistics.

The following are the Modules

Truck Arrive

Parking

Load Planning

Work Order

Truck Depart

Inventory

Reports

Role	Team Member

Responsibilities	( Understanding the functional requirements.

( Used Wicket  for UI Development.

( Involved in integrating 

( Implemented Persistence Components  in Spring JDBC.

( Involved in Defect  management  for the issues raised in production
environment.

( Handling memory leaks and optimizing the

  Code for better performance of the application.

( Unit Testing and Debugging of Java programs.

Solution Environment	Windows XP

Tools & Server 	Eclipse 3.3,  Jetty, Tibco,TestNG, MVN

Technologies Used	Java/j2ee, Wicket, Spring, Web Services ,JMS, Oracle
(Backend). 



           ( Project No 2:

Project 	eLog                                                        

Customer	Vantec

Period	Aprl â€˜11 to Decâ€™11

Description	This is a Product ,which deals operations involved at
Warehouse Level in Supply Chain Management.

The following are the Modules

Purchase Order

GRN(Receiving)

Putaway(Storing)

Sales Order

PickTicket

Reports

Role	Team Member

Responsibilities	( Understanding the functional requirements.

( Involved in integrating Air, truck operations.

( Implemented Persistence Component in Hibernate.

( Analyzing and Understanding mismatch problems occurs in   OR Mapping.

( Involved in configuration for EJB with Hibernate.

( Drawing Datamodel (UML) as for the CR using Poseidon

( Involved in Defect  management  for the issues raised in production
environment.

( Handling memory leaks and optimizing the

  Code for better performance of the application.

( Unit Testing and Debugging of Java programs.

Solution Environment	Windows XP

Tools & Servers	Eclipse 3.3,  Poseidon, Web logic 11g, JBoss 5.0

Technologies Used	J2EE, 4S Framework, Spring, Ejb, Hibernate,, XML,
Andromda, Oracle 10g .



          

 ( Project No 3:

Project 	eCustoms(ABI)

Customer	Jacobson , USA.

Period	Sep â€˜10 to Aprl  â€™11 and Dec â€™11 to July â€˜12

Description	This is a Product, which deals the operations at Customs
level in Logistics Domain.

The following are the modules

Base Functions

Entry Summary

Delivery Order

Reports

Role		Team Member

Responsibilities	( Understanding the functional requirements.

( Involved in Single Ledger module.

( Involved in Extending Struts Related Actions.

( Responsible for writing Migration scripts.

( Used Struts validation framework for performing validations

( Implemented Persistence Component in Hibernate.

( Implemented SQL queries as per the CR.

( Involved in Defect Management for the issues raised.

( Code optimization using the Coding Standards specific to our company
standards.

( Performed Unit Testing.

Solution Environment	Windows XP

Tools & Server	Eclipse 3.3, Web logic 11g, JBoss  5.0

Technologies Used	J2EE  Spring,  Hibernate, 4S framework,  Oracle, MySQL



           ( Project No 4:

Project 	Master Application Tracking System

Customer	Dailmar, USA

Period	Jun  â€˜09 to Sep â€™10

Description	Master Application Tracking System manages all the
operations of shipping from one place to another. It involves the
operations like International Move, Domestic Move, Local Move, Pets
Move, and Cars/Boats/ Automobiles Move. It maintains and operates all
the information regarding different moves. It also provides the
up-to-date status of the transmission of goods. At each and every point
it generates a report and bill according to the goods.

Role	Team Member

Responsibilities	( Understanding the functional requirements.

( Used struts  for validations.

( Involved in integrating struts with spring

( Implemented Persistence Components  in Hibernate.

( Preparing test cases.

Solution Environment	Windows XP

Tools & Server 	Eclipse , JBoss 4.2

Technologies Used	Java/j2ee, Struts, Hibernate , Oracle (Backend). 

          

           

          

