From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  Only Basic
KnowledgeÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â - 
3.6year&currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  3.6 year &
cÂ Â urrentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  4 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â 3 YearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  No

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Tomcat/websphere/eclipise

DB:oracle/SQL

Srikalidindi VK SuryaVarma

Mobile: +91-9959558185 			            	           

E-mail: varma.surya2@gmail.com

A competent IT professional with 3.6 years of experience on Java, J2ee,
JavaScript, Spring  Webservices,Prpc.

Good Experience in Core Java Programming.

Experience in Development & Production Support applications in Banking.

Very flexible and can work independently as well as in a team
environment.

Developed and maintained productive relationships through individual
contacts and group meetings.

Interacted with various process owners and multiple levels of
management.

Exercised excellent judgment and initiative in handling business issues
of significance to appropriate management.

Excellent problem solving skills with good analytical & analyzing
capability. 

Good Analytical and problem solving ability.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE   

Working as Solutions Engineer for Pega Systems Worldwide India Private
Limited â€“ (Jan 2014 to present).

Worked as a Programmer analyst for Cognizant â€“ (Dec-10 to Dec-13). 

PROFICIENCY FORTE 

TECHNICAL 

Programming		:  Java, J2ee, Spring, Jquery,Spring core and
MVC,Ajax,Json,  Webservices(JAXWS and JAXRS),Javascript,PRPC.

Operating Systems	:   Windows 2000, XP, Vista 

Tools			:  TOAD 9.2,Eclipse,Tomcat,Maven,WAS 8,Putty.

Databases		:  Oracle 10g.

EDUCATION

B.Tech Electronics from JNTU, Kakinada, India.

PROJECT PROFILE

Organisation:Pega Systems Worldwide India Private Limited.

Project #1

Title:Network Contract and Incentives

Technologies:Prpc,Java,Webservices

Team :4

Role:Developer

Period:jan 2014-present

Project Description:

The main aim of this project is to develope a product for Helathcare
which focusses on amount that must be paid to patient when he is
hospitalized and other benefits.

Role and Responsibilities:

Requirement Analysis	 

High level design of the project.

Coding the Required tasks.

Unit testing of Code.

Responsible for fixing bugs that come in code.

Releasing the product and selling it to customers.

Organization:   Cognizant Technology Solutions

Project #1

Title 			: CIUMC (Can I Use my Card)

Client 	            	: American Express.

Operating System	: Windows XP

Tools			: Eclipse, WAS 8,Maven

Team Size 		: 3

Role			: Developer

Period		           : June 13-Present.

Technologies Used    :Spring Mvc,Spring
Core,Webservices,CoreJava,Ajax,Javascript,Json.

Project Objective:		

The main objective of the project is to create a intermediary webservice
to contact the original service.

Project Description:

The main aim of this project is to integrate present webservice with
Datapower webservice which uses DATA POWER X150 devcie to contact the
service and render back the reply to the customer from the service.

.

Role and Responsibilities:

Requirement Analysis	 

High level design of the project.

Coding the Required tasks.

Unit testing of Code.

Responsible for fixing bugs that come in code.

Deploying the code on Production Environment.

Commercialization of Product. 

Project #2

Title 			: MCE (New user Administration Functionality)

Client 	            	: Royal Bank of Scotland.

Operating System	: Windows XP

Tools			: Eclipse 3.2, Toad, Tomcat.

Team Size 		: 20

Role			: Developer

Period		           : Sep12-May 13.

Technologies Used    :Spring
Core,Webservices,CoreJava,JQuery,Javascript,Hibernate,.

Project Objective:		

The main objective of the project is to create users and assign roles,
create Accounts, Create counterparties.

Project Description:

The access online system has New User Administration functionality for
the user. Through NUA  we can create roles and rights for users by
designing an user Interface with the help of struts.

Role and Responsibilities:

Requirement Analysis	 

High level design of the project.

Coding the Required tasks.

Unit testing of Code.

Responsible for fixing bugs that come in code.

Deploying the code on Production Environment

Project #3

Title 		          : SEPA (File format optimization)

Client 	        	          : Royal Bank of Scotland.

Operating System     : Windows XP

Tools		          : Eclipse 3.2, Toad.

Team Size 	          :	2

Role		          :	Developer

Period		          : May2012-Sep12

Technologies Used    :Spring Core,Core Java

Project Objective:		

The main objective of the project is to reduce the amount of time for
uploading a particular file.

Project Description:

It has been found that the time required to upload SCT specific files in
Access online Functionality is more and hence it is hampering the
existing functionality. So there was a move to reduce the time taken to
upload a file by reducing the number of DB calls and implementing the
above functionality using a cache. The performance of the SCT files have
been improved a lot. The time taken to upload a file has reduced to
half.

Role and Responsibilities:

Requirement Analysis	 

High level design of the project.

Coding the Required tasks.

Unit testing of Code.

Responsible for fixing bugs that come in code.

Deploying the code on Production Environment.

Commercialization of Product. 

Project #4

Title 		          :	MCE (CZSK File Format and OPP).

Client 	                      :  Royal Bank of Scotland.

Operating System     :	Windows XP

Tools		          :	Eclipse 3.2, Toad.

Team Size 	          :	8

Role		          :	Developer

Period		          : Dec2011 â€“ April2012

Technologies Used    :Spring Core,Core Java,
JQuery,Javascript,Hibernate,.

Project Objective:		

The main objective of the project is to parse, validate and the Enriched
data for Czech Republic and Slovakia CFD, CFU, SKI, SKU file formats
also implements validation engine address into structured format for
R804 file formats.

Project Description:

The access online system has upload functionality for the user. The
uploads are available for different file formats. R804 file format has
unstructured address and also contains umlaut characters. Address logic
provides the functionality to convert unstructured Address in file into
structured.

Role and Responsibilities:

Requirement Analysis	 

High level design of the project.

Coding the Required tasks.

Unit testing of Code.

Responsible for fixing bugs that come in code.

Deploying the code on Production Environment.

Commercialization of Product. 

Project #5

            Title 		        : MCE (Poland File Format and Opp)

Client 	                    : Royal Bank of Scotland.

Operating System   :	Windows XP

Tools		         : Eclipse 3.2, Toad.

Team Size 	          : 8

Role		         : Developer

Period		         : Mar 2011 â€“ Dec 2011

          Technologies Used   :Spring Core,Core Java,
JQuery,Javascript,Hibernate,.

Project Objective:		

The main objective of the project is to parse, validate and the Enriched
data for Poland PLI, PLE, PLD file format also implements validation
engine address into structured format for R804 file formats.

Project Description:

The access online system has upload functionality for the user. The
uploads are available for different file formats. R804 file format has
unstructured address and also contains umlaut characters. Address logic
provides the functionality to convert unstructured Address in file into
structured.

Role and Responsibilities:

Requirement Analysis	 

High level design of the project.

Coding the Required tasks.

Unit testing of Code.

Responsible for fixing bugs that come in code.

Deploying the code on Production Environment.

Commercialization of Product. 

