From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 
3years&currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â -  2
years &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  - 
NAÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  7 year

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â 2year 

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   knowledge

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Ant-/Maven 

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Tomcat/InteliJ/netbean

DB:oracle

12/30%/30days

deepthi polasa

  (    HYPERLINK "mailto:deepthicse514@gmail.com" 
deepthicse514@gmail.com 

( (M) 9989801968 

Objective

To grow with an organization which provides exciting and challenging
work assignment, in Java, that would stimulate me into realizing my true
potential and in the process contribute effectively to the success of
Organization.

Personal Profile

I am competent at absorbing the latest technologies in Java and I am
convinced that learning is a skill that needs to be nourished
constantly.

I have the ability to gracefully change for the better when necessary
and strong enough to put my thoughts and ideas in an efficient manner.

 Experience Summary

7+ years (May-2007 to till date) of experience in Product Development
activities such as Design, Coding, Testing and Maintenance; with Model N
India Software Pvt Ltd  and ADP (Automatic Data Processing) India Pvt.
Ltd.

Working as Senior Member Technical Staff -1 (SMTS-1) in ModelN India Pvt
Ltd.

Got a good experience in Agile Scrum methodology.

Excellent Java development skills using core Java, Servlets, JSPs, JSF
and Hibernate.

Worked on Revenue Management product at ModelN and acquired good
knowledge in core Java.

Worked on ERM product which is developed based on Struts frame work.

Worked on ADP Vantage product which is based on JSF on the UI front and
hibernate as ORM framework for backend querying. 

Good knowledge in Java Collection Frame work (JCF) and Multi Threading
concepts.

Gained knowledge on various Object Oriented Designing (OOD) patterns.

Worked on developing JavaScript/Jscript code for client side validation.

Sun Certified Programmer for Java 2 Platform.

Trained fresh graduates on J2EE technologies.

Given training to new associates on ERM product.

Mentored five fresh graduates.

Worked on a Proof Of Concept (POC) for Structured Query Reporting (SQR)
programs to Java conversion.

Involved in developing automations for an ERP based team.

Received appreciation from the projectâ€™s Executive Manager (EM) for my
commitment, during the year end. Won â€˜Spot Awardâ€™ for the same.

Received four E-Recognitions for team work.

Selected for Earn Out Bonus (EOB), which is paid to 2% of the top
performers at ADP.

Created knowledge base for ERM, which includes the documentation of ERM
Architecture.

Technical Skills 

Programming Languages:	Core JAVA 6, XML, HTML and C

Scripting Language	JavaScript/Jscript

Web Technology:	JSP 2.0, Servlets 2.5 and JSF 1.2

Frame Work:	Struts 1.2 and JSF 1.2

Database Technologies & Tools:	Hibernate, JDBC, SQL Server, SQL PLUS
Oracle 11g and Toad

Development Tools:	NetBeans 6.9, Eclipse 3.x, MyEclipse 8.6 and intellij
11.X

Web/App Servers:	Tomcat 6 and Web Sphere 7

Operating Systems:	Linux-Gnome, Windows 2000/XP/7 and MS-DOS



Certifications

Certification	Score

OCA - Level1  (ORACLE CERTIFIED ASSOCIATE)	100%

SCJP 1.5 (Sun Certified Java Programmer)	96%



Personal Strengths

	

Self motivated

Innovative

Team Player

Leadership Qualities

Hard working

Flexible and Adaptable

Achievements		

Received appreciation from the projectâ€™s Executive Manager (EM) for my
commitment, during the year end. Won â€˜Spot Awardâ€™ for the same.

Received four E-Recognitions for team work.

Selected for Earn Out Bonus (EOB), which is paid to 2% of the top
performers at ADP.

Secured distinction in B.Tech.

Participated in many essay writing and speech competitions.

Participated in cultural activities presented in front of Dist.
Collector. 

Projects

Title: Revenue Management   

Duration			:  Feb 2013 â€“ Till date

Company                         : ModelN India Pvt Ltd.

Role				:  Developer

Team size			:  5

Technology			:  Core JAVA and Java Script

Database			:  Oracle 11g

Application Server		:  Tomcat 5.5

IDE                                    :  Intellij 11

Version Control                 : GIT

Description: 

Revenue ManagementÂ is the application of disciplined analytics that
predictÂ   HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consumer_behavior" \o
"Consumer behavior"  consumer behavior Â at the micro-market level and
optimize product availability and price to maximizeÂ   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revenue" \o "Revenue"  revenue Â growth.
The primary aim of Revenue Management is selling the right product to
the right customer at the right time for the right price and with the
right pack. The essence of this discipline is in understanding
customers' perception of product value and accurately aligning product
prices, placement and availability with each customer segment. 

Additionally, Revenue Management techniques, in life sciences, allow
hospitals to mitigate claim underpayments and denials, thus preventing
significant revenue leakage.

I have involved in developing and bug fixing in coreapp module. This
module supported by UE and platform components and contains core
business logic which is used by other modules like Incentives, PC4, DRM
and compliance. The coreapp module has several sub modules like strategy
designer, components, tracker, bucketing framework and calculation
framework, etc.

Responsibilities: 

Involved in Agile Scrum methodology.

Designing, Coding, Code Reviews and Bug Fixing.

Involved in working on escalations, blockers and resolving them on time.

Got hands-on experience with Git, a distributed version control system.

Involved in Coding, Unit Testing and Integration Testing of bug fixes,
and was able to deliver them on time.

Preparing and coding the UTs, using JUnit, for the functionality of the
application. 

Title: ADP Vantage HCM

Duration			:  Oct 2010 â€“ Oct 2012

Company                         : ADP India Pvt Ltd.

Role				:  Senior Developer

Team size			:  20

Technology			:  JSF 1.2, Dojo 1.5, Hibernate, log4J

Database			:  Oracle 10g

Application Server		:  Web sphere Application Server 7.0

IDE                                    :  My Eclipse Blue 8

Version Control                 : SVN

Description: 

ADP Vantage HCM is the new HR/Payroll product from ADP that was released
into the market in mid-2011. This product is an integration of various
existing products of ADP in the areas of Human Resource Management,
Benefits Administration, Payroll Services, Time and Labor management,
Talent Management with a fresh revolution UI.

Responsibilities: 

Design, Development, Bug Fixing, Peer Reviews.

Involved in the ideation stage of this project.

Understand the core product functionality and redesign them as per the
new UI standards.

Worked closely with web service developers of the various legacy
products and their business analysts. 

Fixed several critical, major and minor defects reported by the QA team.

Worked closely with the US teams to understand the client expectations.

Production support for the pilot client.

Trained the new associates joining the project on standards and
different modules of product.

Title: Employee Relationship Management (ERM)

Duration			:  Aug 2009 â€“ Oct 2010

Company                         : ADP India Pvt Ltd.

Role				:  Developer

Team size			:  5

Technology			:  Core JAVA, Servlet, JSP, Java Script, Struts

Database			:  Oracle 9i/10g

Application Server		:  Tomcat 5.5

IDE                                    :  Netbeans 6.9

Version Control                 : SVN

Description: 

ERM is a legacy system, contains BSS/ESS/MSS.  It is a web based
application that consists of Benefit Self Service (BSS), Employee Self
Service (ESS) and Management Self Service (MSS). ESS allows employees
access and ability to makes change to their personal information,
benefits, payroll, W2, W4 data, training, resume, performance
management, retirement, etc.  MSS allows the managers to do New Hires,
Rehires, Transfers, Pay changes, job data changes, promotions/demotions,
etc. and run web reports, review company hierarchy and set up proxy
roles.

Responsibilities: 

Designing, Coding, Code Reviews and Bug Fixing.

Involved in the Coding of various Modules like Supplemental AD&D
Enrollment, Open Enrollment and Lockout Module.

Involved in the Development and Integration of modules using NetBeans
IDE.

Involved in working on Production Issues and resolving them on time.

Involved in Work Estimation for Problem Logs.

Involved in Requirements gathering, Analysis for Change requests.

Branching and merging the code using CVS.

Involved in Coding, Unit Testing and Integration Testing of Change
requests and bug fixes, and was able to deliver them on time.

Preparing the Test scenarios for the functionality of the application. 

Assigning the work load to two of the associates, reporting to me.

Title: General Ledger Interface (GLI)

Duration		           : May 2007 â€“ Aug 2009

Company                         : ADP India Pvt Ltd.

Role				:  Developer

Team size			:  6

Technology			:  Core JAVA, Servlet, JSP, Java Script

Database			:  Oracle 9i

Application Server		:  Tomcat

IDE                                    :  MyEclipse

Version Control                 : SVN

Description: 

General ledger is the heart of any organization's financial accounting
system. Every company that has a payroll must also have a general
ledger. General Ledger Interface (GLI) is the application that provides
a flexible and efficient method of transferring payroll information into
the general ledger. 

Responsibilities: 

Designing, Coding, Code Reviews and Bug Fixing.

Involved in the Coding of various Modules like Employee Groups,
Preferences, Account Structure and Firefox Compatibility and for many
other features.

Involved in Work Estimation for Problem Logs.

Involved in working on Production Issues and resolving them on time.

Involved in Requirements gathering, Analysis and Application development
of the system

Involved in Coding, Unit Testing and Integration Testing of all the
features and report issues on time.

Preparing the Test scenarios for the functionality of the application. 

Fixing PLs and Cross Verification of PLs.

Educational Qualifications

Examination	Discipline/

Specialization	School/ College	University /Board	Year of passing
Percentage

B.Tech	CSE	Jyothishmathi Institute of Technology & Science

	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University

	2007	75%

Intermediate	MPC	Trinity Junior College	Board of Intermediate

Page No.   PAGE  1 

