From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 
2yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â - 
2yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  - 
1yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  9 year

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  5 year

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Ant and MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

IBM,Tomcat,RAT,SOAP

Ok to work with start up.

Manoj Nomula

Manojn369@gmail.com

+91 9704990369 

SUMMARY		

9 years of extensive experience in OOA, OOD and Web application
development using Java, J2EE, Struts,Spring,Hibernate and related
technologies.

Extensive experience in design, development and implementation of Model-
View â€“ Controller (MVC, MVC2) using Struts   

1.01/1.02/2.0,  Spring Framework 2.5, and ORM (Object-relational
Mapping) Frameworks.

Extensive experience of architecting, implementing maintaining large
content driven and ecommerce based applications. 

Extensive knowledge of Front End Technologies : SmartClient,JSP,JQuery,
HTML,JavaScript, CSS and Scriptaculos.

Experience in Servlets, JSP, JDBC, SAOP - Apache Axis 2,XML, XSL,
SLT,ANT,Gradle,Log4j, Junit, JNDI, JMS,  SQL, Oracle, SQL Server and
Unix Shell Scripting.

Hands on experience with several databases like Oracle 8.x/9.x/10g, DB2,
Ms-Access, MYSQL and SQL Server 7.x/2000/2008.

Experience in Object Oriented Design, analysis and modeling using
UML/RUP/Rational Rose and Microsoft Visio.

Configuring and monitoring of build like Cruise Control and deploy
systems like Ant and Maven (1 and 2).

Document major projects for technical and functional design.

Superb trouble-shooting and tenacious problem solving skills.

Fast learner with excellent analytical,interpersonal and communication
skills.

Team Leader â€“ Leading several projects for more than 3 years on J2EE
expertise in different phases of SDLC.

HARDWARE & SOFTWARE

Methodologies	: 	Agile, Scrum, Model and Test Driven Development (MDD,
TDD). 	

Operating Systems	:	Windows 7 Professional, UNIX (AIX), Linux (Ubuntu/
Redhat), MS-DOS.

IDE Tools	:	Eclipse,Spring Tool Suite,NetBeans and MyEclipse. 

Servers	:	WebLogic Server 9.2/10, WebSphere Server 7, JBoss 5,3.2.x,
Apache Web and Tomcat.

Reporting Tools	:	MSProject, MS-Excel, MS-PowerPoint, Adobe Report
writer.

Version Control	:	Apache SVN, CVS,SubVersion.

Testing Tools	:	Junit, Jmock

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Java Tech Lead, Aufait Technologies Pvt Ltd,Banglore Sep  â€˜13 â€“ Till
date

Senior Software Engineer, IVY Comptech Pvt Ltd,Hyderabad,Nov  â€˜11 â€“
Sep  â€˜13

Associate Process Manager, Broadridge Financial Solutions, Hyderabad,
April â€˜07 â€“  Nov  â€˜11

Member Technical, ADP Private Limited, Hyderabad, Nov â€˜05 â€“ March
â€˜07

Client Name             		    AUFAIT TECHNOLOGIES

Location            			Hyderabad		     			     	Date : Sep-2013

PROJECT : ERP Migration  (Mainframe â€“ Java/J2EE)

Project Details

The main objective of this project was to develop an online portal by
upgrading the existing Mainframe system to Java/J2EE.The Business
functionalities includes Purchase Requisition to the Vendor, Purchase
Order, Item Reception to the store, Item Issue to the employees, Invoice
Verification and Payment Processing.The technical functionalities like
automatic work flow Management system which includes email / mobile
notification and approval cycles with high level of security and
authentication.

Work Environment

JDK 1.6, JSP, JSTL, J2EE , Log4J,CSS Style Sheets, XML,DB2,Smart
Client,IBM RAD and Websphere

Responsibilities :  

Involed in design and database analysis.

Participating in the team meetings and business requirements gathering
sessions.

Develop, maintain, troubleshoot, enhance and document components by self
and others as per the requirements.

Good interpersonal and team working skills. 

Client Name             		IVY COMPTECH PVT LTD

Location            		Hyderabad		     			     		Date : Feb-2012

PROJECT : Casino Framework Integration 

Project Details

Third party Live Dealer product supplied by Evolution Gaming is
intregated into the PartyGaming Casino products. The Live Dealer product
allows our players to play in live games with the video streamed to the
Playerâ€™s computer.They use their existing PartyGaming held account to
play the games.

The Lobby Management Tool (LMT) is a Web based Application tool designed
to enable individual teams to plug their product specific Web Interface
functionality into a common web application. It enables ease
accessibility of data related to production environment and to perform
operations that help in controlling run time behavior of production
systems.

HtmlLobby layout is flexible and each layout block renders actual
metadata provided by backoffice.

GeoLocationService contain APIs required to retrieve the country and
location mapping to the ip address. This service will internally call
either MaxMind supplied data source or the  database to retrieve the
appropriate mappings.

Geo Restriction Framework currently supports to block or unblock
countries for various products at country level. This document captures
the details about how this framework will be extended to be able to
block at state and game level.

Multicurrency support is offered to the players which enables the game
to be played irrespective of account currency. 

GameLogs is a Web based Application enables the player to keep track of
the detailed game play.The Main Objective of this is to provide reliable
and authentic data to the player.

Regulatory Interface Service is use to provide daily and montly game
summary reports to various vendors.

Work Environment

JDK 1.6, JSP, JSTL, JDBC, J2EE , Log4J 1.2.14, HTML, Java Script,Jquery,
Servlets, CSS Style Sheets, XML,Apache ANT 1.7.0, Junit, Oracle
10g,Spring Web MVC 3.0,Spring Framework API 2.5.

Responsibilities :  

Finding a conceptual element in the casino system that starts becoming
critical / hectic to operate on live.

Participating in the team meetings and business requirements gathering
sessions.

Involed in design and database analysis. 

Prepare builds for DEV and UAT environments.

Code verification with each developer to make sure that we follow
standards.

Review the test cases and functional requirement changes periodically
and enhance accordingly.

Follow up of bugs during QA builds.

Client Name             		Broadridge

Location            		Hyderabad		     			     	    	Date : Jul-2011

Job Title			Associate Process Manager

PROJECT :  Asset Management System (ASM)

Project Details

	The Asset Management System (ASM) is a web based application to
increase the productivity, efficiency 	and accuracy of 

	the assets being captured online. To provide MIS Reporting in different
forms to all the stake holders involved, for better decision making and
tracking purpose of assets purchased for an organization.

Work Environment

JDK 1.4/1.5, Microsoft Visio 2007,  JSP, JSTL, JDBC, J2EE , Log4J
1.2.14, HTML, Java Script, Servlets, CSS Style Sheets, Websphere
5.0/6.0, Maven,Apache SVN,Junit,Apache POI 3.0,Oracle 10g , Spring
Framework API 2.5.

Responsibilities

Utilized Agile methodology to streamline development process with
iterative development

Leading the development Team and conducting scrum meetings with the
development team.

Working with the business people to give the right product on time .

Participating in the team meetings and business requirements gathering
sessions.

Designing the application and distribute the work between the
developers.

Code verification with each developer to make sure that we follow
standards.

Review the test cases and functional requirement changes periodically
and enhance accordingly.

Execute the test cases with in the stipulated time with high precision
while understanding the business requirement. 

Prepare the database and application for the review cycle.

Prepare builds for DEV and UAT environments.

Creating Tickets for Production releases and prepare workorders for the
right departments.

Working with the Production Engineers for Production deployments.

Client Name			Broadridge

Location            		Hyderabad		 		     			Date : Jan-2011

PROJECT :  COMPASS

Project Details

COMPASS is a BR India initiative to empower associates to shape their
career growth. In expanded form it stands for Conceptualize your
Objectives, Measure your Performance and Add Skills for Success.COMPASS
helps associates set career development milestones and gives an
opportunity to work with their managers in tracking their progress on
these milestones.The COMPASS workflow resembles the Performance
Management process. As  and when a milestone is reached, the associate
can setup a meeting with their managers to discuss their
progress.COMPASS empowers associates to take control of their career and
accomplish their goals.It describes the features and functionality of
the COMPASS application for associates to effectively use for planning
their career. 

Work Environment

JDK 1.5, Struts 2, Microsoft Visio 2007,   JSP, J2EE , Hibernate 3.5,
Log4J 1.2.16,  HTML, Java Script, Jquery,  CSS Style Sheets,Maven,Apache
SVN,Apache POI 3.0,  Junit,  Oracle 10g,Spring Application Context.

Responsibilities

Participating in the team meetings and business requirements gathering
sessions.

Creating Tickets for Production releases and prepare workorders for the
right departments.

Working with the Production Engineers for Production deployments.

Intimate outage of the application  to the internal teams regarding the
production deployements.

Working with the middleware team and DBAs regarding the production
issues and code deployments.

Ensure team achieves the core metrics and maintain their quality
parameters. Helping the team and shadowing him/her to   

       developing team strategy so that the team works towards achieving
the Efficiency and Business targets.

Build process management.

Client Name			Broadridge

Location   	         		Hyderabad		 		     			Date : Aug-2010

PROJECT :  Procurement

Project Details

It is a web based application to provide procurement team to track the
details like raising Query Request, Purchase Request, and Purchase Order
and to get the approval from the higher officials for the purchasing
goods and also transparency is provided to the requestor about the
status of their request

Work Environment

JDK 1.5, Struts 2, Microsoft Visio 2007,   JSP, J2EE , Log4J 1.2.16, 
HTML, Java Script, Jquery, CSS Style Sheets,Websphere 7.0, Maven,Apache
SVN,Apache POI 3.0,  Junit, Oracle 10g.

Responsibilities

Designing the application and distribute the work between the
developers.

Working with the middleware team and DBAs regarding the production
issues and code deployments.

Prepare the weekly schedule tasks and adherence reports

WorkFlow System Driven through databases.

Client Name			Broadridge - US

Location            		Hyderbad	    			     			Date Jan-2010

Job Title			Senior Member Technical

PROJECT :  MOSS 2007 and MOSS 2010

Project Details

SharePoint is a browser-based platform from Microsoft that allows for
easier, timely and effective documents management. Often used to
facilitate collaboration, provide content management features, implement
business processes, and supply access to essential information by
developing a portal for clients in New York Team.

Work Environment

ASP.Net, C Sharp, EXT (Javascript AJAX Library), HTML, Microsoft Dot Net
Framework, SQL Server 2008,  JQuery and Windows Communications
Foundation (WCF).

Responsibilities

Distribute the work to the Dot Net developers.

Setup Scrum meetings with the team and resolve developers issues
quickly.

Setup knowledge transfer meetings within the team.

Planning the tasks for each release schedule.

Send requests to the build engineer to promote code to Production.

Installation and setup of Moss 2007 server Using VMware

Ensure dependencies list for migration of 2010

Web Parts Development and Deployment.

Designing layout for portal and access permissions to client.

Configure search facet. 

Co-ordinate training on Microsoft SharePoint 2010

Client Name			Broadridge

Location            		Hyderabad		 		     			Date : May-2009

PROJECT :  Recognition for Associates Contribution and Excellence 
(RACE)

Project Details

RACE is an online shopping portal where associates can purchase and
order products. Associates will be awarded points as and when the award
receives for the excellent performance from the respective manager. In
this portal associates can redeem the points and block the products
based on the available points.

Work Environment

JDK 1.5, Eclipse 3.5.0, Microsoft Visio 2003,  JSP, JSTL,  JDBC, J2EE ,
Log4J 1.2.14, HTML, Java Script, Servlets, CSS Style Sheets, Struts
1.2.6, Apache Tomcat, Apache ANT 1.7.0,  Apache POI 3.0, Weblogic 9.2
and  Oracle 10gi.

Responsibilities

Analysis, design and coding of Use Cases, Sequences and Class diagrams.

Involves all team members contribute ideas and support one another when
making changes.

Designed and delivered the project well before the deadline with minimal
defects.

Helped the team to make them understand the database design and workflow
structure.

Participating in the team meetings and business requirements gathering
sessions.

Designing the application and distribute the work between the
developers.

Code verification with each developer to make sure that we follow
standards.

Prepare builds for DEV and UAT environments.

Client Name			Broadridge

Location            		Hyderabad		 		     			Date : Nov-2008

 PROJECT :  Online Submission of Appraisals (OSP)

Project Details

The Online Submission of Appraisals System for organization is a web
based Application to submit the online appraisals to the managers. The
project consists of Reviews of Appraise and Discussions comments. The
main objective of these projects involves rating system which enables
the HR to process the Appraisal easily.

Work Environment

JDK 1.5, Eclipse 3.5.0, Microsoft Visio 2003,  JSP, JSTL,  JDBC, J2EE ,
Log4J 1.2.14, HTML, Java Script, Servlets, CSS Style Sheets, Struts
1.2.6, Apache Tomcat, Apache ANT 1.7.0, CVS, Apache POI 3.0, Weblogic
9.2 and  Oracle 10gi.

Client Name			Broadridge

Location            		Hyderabad		 		     			Date : Apr-2008

PROJECT :  India Partnership Engagement Survey (IPES)

Project Details

India Partnership Engagement Survey (IPES)  is a web based application
of online surveys.It is well structured and organized to support any
type of survery.User can customize the survey in different forms.

Work Environment

JDK 1.4.2_13, Eclipse 3.2.0, Microsoft Visio 2003,  JSP, JSTL,  JDBC,
J2EE , Log4J 1.2.14, HTML, Java Script, Servlets, CSS Style Sheets, XML
, XSLT, Struts 1.2.4, Tiles, JUnit 3.8.1, Apache ANT 1.6.5, CVS, Apache
POI 3.0 and Oracle 10g

Client Name			Broadridge

Location  	          		Hyderabad		 		     			Date : Dec-2007

PROJECT :  Telephone Usage Tracking System

Project Details

       Telephone Usage Tracking System is a web based solution to
highlight the Outgoing calls made from their extensions and the 
features of submitting the details to finance. The finance team will be
able to deduct the amount of submitted personal call 	charges from their
salaries.The project consists of Outgoing call usage report, Max
telephone usage report.

       The main objective of this is to get reliable and authentic data
available at any time to finance department and 	

       also for the mangers so that they keep track of the associate
work.

Work Environment

JDK 1.4.2_13, Eclipse 3.2.0, Microsoft Visio 2003,  JSP, JSTL,  JDBC,
J2EE , Log4J 1.2.14, HTML, Java Script, Servlets, CSS Style Sheets, XML
, XSLT, Struts 1.2.4, Tiles, JUnit 3.8.1, Apache ANT 1.6.5, CVS, Apache
POI 3.0 and Oracle 10g

Client Name			Broadridge

Location            		Hyderabad		 		     			Date :Apr - 2007

PROJECT :  Resource Tracking System (RTS)

Project Details

Enables the Administrator of the organization keeping track of the
employee details, Branch details, Designation details of the employee,
Transfer details, Department details, Leave Structure, Payment structure
etc. This project also maintains the reports to verify all the details
of the employees present in the organization including the resigned
employees.

Work Environment

JDK 6, Struts 1.6,Apache Tomcat,Eclipse 3.2.0, Microsoft Visio 2003, 
JSP, JSTL,  J2EE , Log4J 1.2.14, HTML, Java Script, CSS,Ajax, CVS,
Weblogic 10 and Oracle.

Client Name			ADP Private Limited

Location            		Hyderabad		 		     			Date : Oct- 2006

PROJECT :  Transport Online System (TOS)

Project Details

This system enables the users to book, modify, and cancel transport
requests through online. This system is very helpful for transport team
to book ad hoc and regular transport requests On Behalf of at any point
of time. This system will automatically prepares the ROTA based on the
users addresses. This System enables the Transport Team to keep track of
the employee transport requests and provides MIS reports to the higher
management. 

Work Environment

JDK 6, Struts 1.6,Apache Tomcat,Eclipse 3.2.0, Microsoft Visio 2003, 
JSP, JSTL,  J2EE , Log4J 1.2.14, HTML, Java Script, CSS,Ajax, CVS,
Weblogic 10 and Oracle.

Client Name			ADP Private Limited

Location            		Hyderabad		 		     			Date : Apr- 2006

PROJECT :  Travel 

Project Details

This application facilitates smooth transition of some of the critical
manual process steps into the automated system. The application
facilitates initiation of travel request,process and approval for
domestic and international travel by air. This application facilitates
capturing the travel details like origination place, destination place,
warm clothing allowances, passport details, visa details, cab bookings,
accommodation, insurance, cross charging details, different types of
advances paid to the traveler etc... This application generates an
output with all the travel details in a printable format (will be given
to the traveler) after the travel request is completely processed. This
application also facilitates to create itineraries for approved
requests. For normal flow it will go to managerâ€™s queue for approval
once user creates a request. Then after manager approval, it will go
travel desk. Then once travel desk have done it job, it will go to
Travel admin queue and once admin have processed the request it will go
to finance. Then finance can update all details and close the request.

Work Environment

JDK 6, Struts 1.6,Apache Tomcat,Eclipse 3.2.0, Microsoft Visio 2003, 
JSP, JSTL,  J2EE , Log4J 1.2.14, HTML, Java Script, CSS,Ajax, CVS,
Weblogic 10 and Oracle.

Client Name			ADP Private Limited

Location 	           	Hyderabad		 		     			Date : Nov-2005

PROJECT :  Compensation

Project Details

Compensation Module enables the HR Team to keep track of the employee
shift details and Flexible Benefits Declarations submitted by the user.

The main objective of this is to get reliable and authentic data
available at any time to HR department and helps for including the shift
allowance amount and associate Flexible Benefits Declarations amount in
the associate payroll.

The Application shows the previous submitted Flexible Benefits
Declarations and so that it will be easy for an associate for submitting
the current Flexible Benefits Declarations.

Work Environment

JDK 6, Struts 1.6,Apache Tomcat,Eclipse 3.2.0, Microsoft Visio 2003, 
JSP, JSTL,  J2EE , Log4J 1.2.14, HTML, Java Script, CSS,Ajax, CVS,
Weblogic 10 and Oracle.

Gathered Business Requirements from the business people.

Prepared prototype as per the business requirements.

Coding done within the timeframe as per the standards of Edwardjones and
using software development methodologies like AGILE and WATERFALL.

Designed  application as per the requirements.

EDUCATION

Bachelors Degree from JNT University, Hyderabad, India

Special Diploma in Electronics with specialization in Electronics &
Communication Engineering (2002-2005) from Government Institute of
Electronics (GIOE), Secunderabad.

Trainings: 

Quality Management â€“ SQA Process Auditor              

Time Management & Six Thinking Hats

Awards: 

Value Addition Information Office awards :

Automation of Appraisal Process

Automation of Lucene Search

Migration of Microsoft SharePoint 2010

  PAGE  1  Of   NUMPAGES  7 

  PAGE  1  of   NUMPAGES  10 

