Pramod Bhargava

Phone: +91-9989620746                                               
Ramki Towers, Gachibowli Email:pramodbhar@gmail.com                     
                 Hyderabad (A.P.), 500032

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Currently associated with Insideview India as a Software Engineer on
J2EE Technologies.

3.5 years’ experience of developing software throughout lifecycle,
from identifying requirements to QA/QC in product based companies. 

Good technical skills in Java/J2EE development. SCJP Qualified. 

Strong database concept, Good analytical, time management and
problem-solving skills.

I am motivated and enthusiastic by new challenges and tasks and take
innovative approach to achieve success in projects

OBJECTIVE: 

To work in a progressive environment where I may engage my skills to its
potential and gain the deepest insight into the process, thereby perform
to the best. Also, to be a significant figure of performance for the
team and the organization I am part of.

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Languages: Java/J2EE, C/C++

Frameworks: Struts 2, Hibernate and Spring. 

DBMS/RDBMS:  Oracle 10g, MS Access, My SQL, SQL-server

Scripting Language: JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, HTML, XML, XHTML, WML

Web Servers: Apache Tomcat, JBOSS, Jetty

Software/Tools: Eclipse, Net beans, Maven, Ant, Liqubase, AWS, Jenkins

Certification: Sun Certified Java Programmer (SCJP).

Others: Web Services, ActiveMQ, Scrum Based Development, Elastic search,
Lucean, Data Structure, Data modeling.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

InsideView India

A pioneer in CRM Intelligence, InsideView provides a suite of software
solutions for sales and marketing leaders that delivers critical
intelligence directly into CRM

SE                                                                      
  April 2013-PRESENT

Project Undertaken

Marketing Product: InsideView Lead EnrichTM lets you reduce the number
of required web form fields—therefore improving conversion rates. New
leads, from any source, are automatically enriched with data from the
InsideView CRM Intelligence Platform as they are added to the database.
Enriched leads can be scored and routed faster so your sales team can
respond quickly. 

Role: Creating new features in product from scratch. Enhancing existing
functionality of product and integrating product with CRM’s

Technology Used: Complete MVC Architecture with  Spring 3.1, Hibernate
3.0 as ORM Tool, JSTL/JSP for view , ActiveMQ for message queues ,
Velocity for sending mails , RESTful services for integrating with
different CRM’s, Liqubase, MySQL as database, MAVEN for Deploys ,Jetty
8.0,Junit,TESTNG,Elastic search for Querying large data

Team size: 4

Data Diagnostics Product: It’s in Development phase.

Main focus of this Product is to identify data health and provide a
better solution 

Role: Developing all features from scratch 

Team size: 3

Technology Used: Complete MVC Architecture with  Spring 3.1, Hibernate
3.0 as ORM Tool, JSTL/JSP for view , ActiveMQ for message queues ,
Velocity for sending mails , RESTful services for integrating with
different CRM’s, Liqubase, MySQL as database, MAVEN for Deploys ,Jetty
8.0,Junit,TESTNG

Impetus InfoTech India Pvt Ltd

ASE/SE                                                                  
      July 2011-APRIL 2013

Impetus offers a complete suite of Software Product Development and
Technology R&D services.

Project Undertaken

BCBSNE/BCBST: These are clients of Connecture where we need to Upgrade
Whole application from older versions to newer versions .Moreover we
need to add new features according to client needs 

Role:-Working in teams of 4 to 8 and changing product on basis of
client’s requirements .In this I am working on upgrading product
features and changing existing features according to client need.

I have handled a complete module of Medicare and worked on other modules
as well

Technology Used:-Struts 2.1, Hibernate 3.0, Spring, Jasper, jquery,
javascript 

Other Projects

Connecture Product development, Exemplar update, Game Wrapper
Application, Content Management System, Video on demand, Data mining
tools for CMS

	

Certification/Other Achievements

SCJP/OCJP certification 

Winner of Hackathon 2014 in reinvention Category at insideview.

Star of the months 4 times in row at impetus India.

Our project “www.twistcontent.com” for Twist Mobiles was selected
among Top 12 projects for e-summit at IIT – Powai.

 

EDUCATION:

MCA (Masters of Computer Applications)                                  
   2008 - 2011

IIPS, DAVV Indore, M.P. 

CGPA 9.53 Pointer out of 10 (10 is the highest)

BCA (Bachelors Of Computer Applications)                                
  2005 - 2008

IIPS, DAVV Indore, M.P.

CGPA 9.22 Pointer out of 10 (10 is the highest)

XII (PCM)                                                               
                         2004 - 2005

AECS, CBSE Board Indore, M.P. 

Percentage: 71.2%

X                                                                       
                                2004 - 2005

AECS, CBSE Board Indore, M.P. 

Percentage: 72.4%

Declaration

I hereby declare that all the information provided by me in this is
factual and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date: 07/12/2014                                                        
             Place: Hyderabad

