Dharani Selvaraj	                        HYPERLINK
"http://www.dharaniselvaraj.com/portfolio.html" 
www.dharaniselvaraj.com/portfolio.html  

dhara.dav@gmail.com                                                     
           Mobile : +91-8220141769    

With 8+ years of professional experience partnering with internal and
external stakeholders to discover, build, improve and expand the user
experience. A proven history of creating cutting edge interface designs
and information architectures for websites and mobile applications
through a user-centered design process by constructing screen flows,
prototypes, and wireframes

SKILL SET

Front-end technologies - Language/Tools

 HTML 5, HTML, XAML	CSS 2 ,CSS 3, Bootstrap	Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator
Blend

Dreamweaver, Notepad++, Net beans, Visual Studio	jQuery, JavaScript,
jQuery Mobile

	JavaScript/ Mobile Frameworks

JQuery Mobile, Facebook Applications, Sencha Touch

Concept skills

Creating Proof of Concept(POC), Wireframes and Mockups

Usability, Accessibility, W3C Web Standards

Microsoft Tools

Ms Visio, PowerPoint, Word & Excel



WORK EXPERIENCE

Organization	Period 	Designation

	From	To

	I-Link System. – Trichy, IN.  	Jan/2013	Present	UX Team Lead

KRDS software Dev. Pvt. Ltd. – Chennai, IN.  	Sep/2009	Sep/2012	UI
Team Lead

(Facebook Apps Designer)

Netaxis - Chennai, IN.  	Jan/2009	Sep/2009	Web Designer

Emantras. – Chennai, IN.  	June/2007	Dec/2008	Web Designer 





	

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

Branch/Subject	College/School	University	Year

B.B.A 	Correspondence	Chennai Univ.	May – 2008

Honors Diploma in Computer Application (HDCA)	CSC	-	Mar-2002



SPECIALTIES

HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap Front-end development - Jquery mobile, Facebook
apps, Sencha Touch for iPhone, android and iPad etc,. UI/UX design and
front end development using Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Notepad++, Net
beans, Javascript, Jquery Wireframes creation using MS Visio, PowerPoint
and photoshop.

OVERALL EXPERIENCE

8+ years of experience in Front-End Developer & UX/UI Designer and
HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript/jQuery for Mobile Device/Desktop Applications.

- Developing applications using HTML5, CSS3, jQuery Mobile and Facebook
Application.

- Drupal User Interface Design and Web parts, Master Page and Theme -
CSS Customization. 

- My expertise is tableless (Div) layout designing with cross browser
compatibility and optimized CSS techniques and using Firefox browser
plug-in - Firebug and YSlow Add-ons.

- Front-end Development – UI/UX Design – Web application/Graphics
Design

- Build Proof of Concept (POC), Wireframes and Mockups.

- Cross-browser Compatibility.

- PowerPoint slide-shows for Business/Corporate Presentation.

- Develop Facebook fan page, Custom tabs and Welcome banner.

- Design concept Logos, mail Campaigns, Banner Design, flash intro and
basic animations.

- SEO - front end activities.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

UX TEAM LEAD 

i-LINK SYSTEMS

Jan 2013 – to present

Responsible for

Creating Concepts and Wire Frame, Mockup Designs, Share Point App design
and integration with XHTML, CSS3, HTML5, JQUERY, JAVASCRIPT and Windows
8 Application Design with XAML Integration. Along with I have handling
team.  (Tools – Photoshop, Illustrator, XAML, Blend, CSS (2 & 3), HTML
(4 & 5), XHTML, Jquery, Javascript)

UI TEAM LEAD

Krds Software Development Pvt Ltd

Sep 2009 – Sep 2012

Project analyzing, wire frame, dead line and quality discussion with
team members. Split the job to team members.  Along with that working on
Facebook Application projects with HTML5, CSS3, JQUERY, and JS & MOBILE
APPLICATIONS.

Projects:

	Air France ( Mobile App )

Testing URL : https://www.facebook.com/airfrance?sk=app_293734607365214

	Developed a facebook application using HTML5, CSS3, jquery animations,
JavaScript. Its facebook appalication developed iphone, ipad, and
android for Air France

Responsible for

-  Created the screen design mockups and concept Icons.

-  Developed the HTML5, CSS3, Jquery and JS pages from the designed
mocks.

      -  Build Icons graphic movements using CSS3 webkit animations. 

Face Book Apps & Websites

http://www.chinaledu.com/devledu/

  HYPERLINK
"https://www.facebook.com/toyota.france?sk=app_302825306444602" 
https://www.facebook.com/toyota.france?sk=app_302825306444602 

  HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/renault/app_306883962701820" 
https://www.facebook.com/renault/app_306883962701820 

  HYPERLINK "http://www.boxautomation.com/" 
http://www.boxautomation.com/ 



WEB DESIGNER 

NETAXIS IT SOLUTIONS (P) Ltd 

Jan 2009 – Sep 2009

Responsible for

Creating Concepts and Wire Frame, Mockup Designs, Integration and
Developing CMS with Drupal and Word Press. Along with I have handled
team and trained for web designing.  (Tools – Photoshop, Dreamweaver,
CSS, HTML, XHTML, Jquery, Javascript, PHP, Drupal, Word Press, Flash)

WEB DESIGNER  

Emantras

June 2007 – Dec 2008

Responsible for

Developing web designs, integration with dot net and Flash Animations.
(Tools – Photoshop, Dreamweaver, CSS, HTML, XHTML, Jquery, Javascript,
Flash)

WEB DESIGNER 

I-Net Solutions

Nov 2006 – June 2007

Responsible for

Developing web designs, Html, CSS integration and Flash Animations with
Using Basic Action script. (Tools – Photoshop, Dreamweaver, CSS, HTML,
XHTML, Jquery, Javascript, Flash)

PERSONAL DETAILS 		

Permanent Address	Address for Communication

No:8, 1st main road, HL Colony, Pammal	No:8, 1st main road, HL Colony,
Pammal

Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. Pin: 600075	Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. Pin:
600075

Passport no: K0372222	Mobile No: +91-8220141769

DOB  & AGE: 12 – Aug - 1983 & 31	Sex & marital status : Male & Single

Other Interests:  music, art and travel

Facebook  : http://www.facebook.com/webdds







Creativity Is My Passion (

	Page   PAGE  4  of   NUMPAGES \*Arabic  4 

