Praveen Kumar  G

Email : praveen.celestial@gmail.com

ph:     (091) 9885364330

Professional Summary

I have 6 years IT experience in Development of enterprise applications
using Java, JEE technologies. Very good Experience in HR Domain.
Expertise in Benefits, Accruals and Recruiting spread across product
development.

Good expertise in developing Enterprise applications using Core Java and
J2EE. 

Excellent rapport with Clients.  

I am a very good team player who can mingle with everyone and adapt
quickly to changing environments. 

Well versed with Agile Methodologies to execute projects.  

Expertise in writing Algorithms using proper Data Structures.

Fair knowledge on Data Science and Machine Learning Algorithms.

Like predictive, descriptive algorithms, classification problems and
outlier detections.

Knowledge on R language.

Fair knowledge on MultiThreading . 

Good expertise in developing web applications using open source
framework â€“ Spring IOC and JDBC modules.

Well versed with RDBMS -SQL Server 2005/2008

Hands on PL/SQL. and knowledge on Object Relational Mapping (ORM) tools
like Hibernate. 

Well versed in developing Front End Screens using JSP, HTML, CSS,
JavaScript, Jquery.

Very good debugging skills.

Fair Knowledge on usage of Design Patterns. 

Usage of TDD and Functional style of Programming. 

Achievements:

Out Performer for the team   for  two years in a row.

 

Educational Qualifications:

B. Tech(Mechanical)  from NIT kurukshetra, Haryana with Hons(73%). 

GATE   95% in 4th Year  and  91% IN  B. Tech 3rd year.

EAMCET 1673 Rank.

10+2  passed with   93%

10Th Passed with      91 %(State 10th Rank marks)

Professional Experience

Organization	Designation	Duration 

Accolite Software India Pvt Ltd

(Formerly known as Nuview Systems )	Tech Lead	 Jan 2011 to  till
date(With 3 months gap)



Organization	Designation	Duration 

Worked as Free Lancer

 July 2009  to 2011



Organization	Designation	Duration 

with DSCL Energy Services Company	Project Analyst	 July 2004  to 2005



Technical Skills

Projects Profiles:

Operating Systems	Microsoft Windows, Knowledge of Linux 

Languages and related 

Information	Core JAVA, JEE , Hadoop 1.x ,Map Reduce programmes,



Databases 	SQL Sever 2008/2012 ,oracle, PL/SQL,

Pig ,Hive ,HBase tools and their languages

Web Related	Servlets, JSP, HTML, CSS, Java Script, Ajax, Jquery, XSLT

Frameworks	Spring 3.0 IOC,JDBC modules, Hibernate 3.6, 

Application Servers	Tomcat  

Web Servers	Tomcat ,IIS

Version Control	SVN ,CVS

Tools & Utilities	Eclipse , Visual Studio 2010, Microsoft SQL server
management Studio, Netsuite ,Jira ,QC, Confluence

Build tools	Ant



Project Nature	Development

Client 	New Product Development

Role	SSDE

Duration	6 months and continuing

Team Size	6

Environment

(with skill versions)	Languages: 	Java, J2EE (Java 1.6) , Joda-Time api

	Tools:	SVN, Sql server management studio,Eclipse

	O/S:	Windows 7

	Database :	SQL Server 2008/2012

 

Project Description 

This accrual module deals with all the leaves and payroll related stuff
of the employees. Carry forwarding of previous balances based on several
rules and sending necessary information to payroll processing.

 

Contribution

Involved in various phases since its inception - requirements gathering,
design, implementation, and unit testing and Maintenance.

 

Project Nature	Development(Customization)

Client 	Silver Lake

Role	SSDE

Duration	6 months

Team Size	6

Environment

(with skill versions)	Languages: 	Java, J2EE (Java 1.6) 

	Tools:	SVN, Sql server management studio,Eclipse

	O/S:	Windows 7

	Database :	SQL Server 2008/2012



Project Description 

The requirement is to create clients employees time logging across
multiple countries and be able to use different rules for different
localities for calculating the overtime   and sending the data in
different formats to different payroll vendors . 

Contribution

Involved in various phases since its inception - requirements gathering,
design, implementation, and unit testing and Maintenance.

Worked at Client location to perform all the customizations and
configuration, deployment and maintenance.

Project Nature	Data Migration

Client 	Heinken

Role	SSDE

Duration	3 months

Team Size	5

Environment

(with skill versions)	Languages: 	Java, J2EE (Java 1.6)

	Tools:	SVN, Sql server management studio,Eclipse

	O/S:	Windows 7

	Database :	SQLServer 2008/2012

Project Description 

This involves migration of client data from existing version of HR
product to newer versions. The challenges are data consistency,
compatibility of business services in newer environments, tight
schedules. 

Contribution

 

Involved in various phases since its inception - requirements gathering,
design, implementation, and unit testing and Maintenance.

Involved in creating scripts to migrate data and merging all the
previous customizations. 

Project Nature	Data Migration

Client 	D.E. SHAW

Role	SSDE

Duration	6 months

Team Size	5

Environment

(with skill versions)	Languages: 	Java, J2EE (Java 1.6) 

	Tools:	SVN, Sql server management studio,,Eclipse

	O/S:	Windows 7

	Database :	SQLServer 2008/2012



Project Description 

This involves migration of client data from existing version of HR
product to newer versions. The challenges are data consistency,
compatibility of business services in newer environments, tight
schedules. 

Contribution

Involved in various phases since its inception - requirements gathering,
design, implementation, and unit testing and Maintenance.

Worked at Client location to perform all the customizations and
configuration, deployment and maintenance.

Project Nature	Maintanance and Configuration

Client 	NuView HR

Role	SSDE

Duration	12 months

Team Size	8

Environment

(with skill versions)	Languages: 	Java, J2EE (Java 1.6) 

	Tools:	SVN, Sql server management studio,Eclipse

	O/S:	Windows 7

	Database :	SQL Server 2008/2012



Project Description 

This involves client interactions and working under very tight SLAs and
managing work in rapidly changing priorities and working with clients in
their timings like US and UK timings.

 

Contribution

Worked as key resource for managing all the client interactions at
critical times and resolving the issues in record times and suggesting
clients to use best possible ways to use the product for best
performance and results.

Achieved accolades from all corners of the company and clients to assist
them in a manner which is mutually beneficiary.

Declaration

I vouch for the authenticity of the above-mentioned facts.

  Praveen Kumar Gunda

 PAGE   

 PAGE   6 

