Suhail Aziz Khan 	

.

Summary:

Having over all 10+ years of IT industry experience, working as
‘Associate Architect’ with PegaSystems in field of Product
development. 

Worked on frameworks such as Struts, Springs, Seam and JSF also strong
in Core Java concepts. Worked extensively on EJB, Hibernate and SQL.
Also worked on Sterling E-Commerce Suite.

Have experience in UML modeling and designing of applications. Also
involved in estimation process. Strong in data structures and
algorithms.

Have also handled deployment and build release activities.

I am also working as a Scrum master in my current team.

Exposure to PRPC aka Pega 7.

Experience on NodeJS , ExpressJS , AngularJS and  MongoDB.

Tools/Skills:

Technology: Core Java, Java-J2EE , NodeJS 

Frame Work:  STRUTS, SPRING, JSF and SEAM ,  AngularJs , expressJS

Web Technology: JSP, Servlets and JavaScript and life-ray portlets
(JSR-168 and 286)

Middleware: EJB and Hibernate.

Database: Oracle 10g and Mainframes and MOngoDB.

Methodology: RUP, Agile, RAD , Scrum.

Testing: JUNIT Testing.

Build Tools: Cruise Control and Bamboo.

Tools: Web Sphere Studio Application Developer 5.1, Rational Application
Developer 7.0, Rational Software Architect 6.1, Web Sphere Integration
Developer, JDeveloper , Eclipse , Dreamweaver, VSS, Perforce ,  CVS,
SVN, Mercury Quality Centre .

O/s: Windows XP, Windows NT, Windows 2000 , windows 7.

Education:

BE (Information Technology)	 R.G.T.U. (M.P.)	June 2005     74.56%

12th				 All Saints , Bhopal 	June 2001     75%

10th	 			 All Saints , Bhopal 	June 1999     73%

Work Experience:

with Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Since Sept-2012 – May’2015 

with Deloitte Consulting India Pvt.Ltd. Since May-2009 – Aug-2012

With Satyam Computer Services Ltd.  Since July 2005 - May 2009.

Work Experience: 

PegaSystem

May 2015 – Till date

Designation: Associate Architect.

Currently working as Associate Architect at PegaSystems. 

I am currently working in the Integration team for Pega, which deals
with all the enhancements/development activities which are required to
connect pega to other external systems. We use rest-apis , pega
connector which are built on webservices.

Responsibilities:

Design : My main responsibility is to work with product owners and
senior architects to come up with a design for the modules taken up by
the team. I also participate in the development activities.

Development: My main responsibility is to develop user stories using
spring and PRPC.

Using OAuth2.0 to connect to Facebook, LinkedIn etc.

Planning: Provide a plan to the Product Owner for development cycle.

Deployment: Taking care of the deployment of the application on server
and build release management.

Scrum Master: I take care of Sprint planning, User Stories grooming and
retrospective meeting for the team. I also work with onsite PO for
release plan.

1.)	Project Name :Open Authentication

Role	Associate Architect/ Scrum Master 

Organization	Pega Systems

Duration	May 2015 – Till date

Size	Project : 12

	Team Size : 12

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Languages: JavaScript 

Technologies: Java-J2ee , PRPC

Database :  Oracle 10g

Tools: Eclipse IDE.

O/s : Windows 7

Server: Tomcat



Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

Sept 2012 – May 2015

Designation: Consultant.

Currently working as Consultant at Automatic Data Processing, Inc.. 

I working on a product in SCM domain called Procure2Pay. This provides
clients to create electronic purchase orders and invoices. 

Procure 2 Pay electronic invoicing solutions transform the way
organizations manage accounts payable and procurement. Whether Clients
are looking for a simple solution with basic imaging-and-workflow
capabilities or a fully-integrated electronic invoicing application
tightly linked to existing internal accounting systems and supplier
applications, P2P can streamline their procure and AP business
processes.

ADP electronic invoicing and electronic payment solutions help to reduce
payables cost, improve spend control and scale easily.

My Job responsibilities include development using Java-J2ee
technologies. In addition to that I have also taken care of application
deployment and build release activities for the project.

n addition to this I was also involved in performance tuning of the
application. I was involved in implementing and developing the project
modules using Spring framework and JSF framework. Worked on JavaScript
and xhtml , JSP , entity beans , myBatis , JDBC. I also worked on web
api’s such as High Charts , dojo and d3 charts to prepare a dashboard
for the project.

As a Scrum Master, my job was to ensure that the team was being
productive during grooming and planning meetings. I was also responsible
for conducting retrospective meetings for the team , and coming up with
a release plan with the product owner.

2.)	Project Name :Innovation Labs

Role	Consultant 

Organization	Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

Duration	March 2014 – Till date

Size	Project : 3

	Team Size : 1

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Technologies: BootstrapCss, NODEJS AngularJS ExpressJS

Handlebars. PassportJS

Database :  MongoDB

Tools: Eclipse IDE.

Languages: JavaScript  HTML5 CSS3 

O/s : Windows 7

Server: NodeJS Server



Responsibilities:

Development: My main responsibility is to create a webapplication using
NodeJS , ExpressJS and AngularJS on top of MongodB database.

Using passportJS api to connect to social networking sites, google+ ,
facebook, linkedIn and Twitter for authentication.

Planning: Provide a plan to the Product Owner for development cycle.

Deployment: Taking care of the deployment of the application on server
and build release management.

Database: Designing mongodb schema and preparing mongo queries.

 

1.)	Project Name :Procure2Pay

Role	Consultant / Technical Lead 

Organization	Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

Duration	Sept 2012 – Till date

Size	Project : 19

	Team Size : 6

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Languages: Java-J2EE , 

Technologies: Springs and Hibernate

Database :  Oacle10g 

Tools: Eclipse IDE and Toad for Oracle.

O/s : Windows 7

Server: Weblogic



Responsibilities:

Grooming: Breaking a user story at different levels to provide better
understanding . Providing velocity points for a user story, in agile
framework.

Planning: Provide a team commitment for User Stories to be done in
Sprint.

Development: development of the Model, View and Controller.

Deployment: Taking care of the deployment of the application on server
and build release management.

Database: Writing SQL queries and performance tuning of queries using
XplainPath.

Testing: Writing Junit test cases and preparing test reports.

Others: Reviewing work done by team members.

Deloitte Consulting India Pvt. Ltd.

May 2009- Aug 2012

Designation: Consultant.

Currently working as Consultant at Deloitte Consulting India Pvt. Ltd. 

I am involved into estimation of the projects as well as designing of
small/medium scale projects.

My Job responsibilities also include development using Java-J2ee
technologies. In addition to that I have also taken care of application
deployment and build release activities for the project.

I also have exposure on portal environment, currently using liferay
portal technology.

In addition to this I was also involved in performance tuning of the
application. I was involved in implementing and developing the project
modules using framework such as JSF and Springs and Seam framework.
Worked on JavaScript and xhtml , Jets, JSP and servlet. I was involved
in writing batch processes to execute batch reports and configuration of
same on Tidal Soft scheduler. I have also used Nautilus tool for storing
the reports generated through the batch processes.

Responsibilities:

Estimation: Providing right estimates for the project , using standard
estimation framework.

Designing: Working to create a high level design which includes class
diagrams, sequence diagrams and activity diagrams. Also working on low
level designing which includes creation of technical design document.

Development: development of the Model, View and Controller.

Deployment: Taking care of the deployment of the application on server
and build release management.

Database: Writing SQL queries and performance tuning of queries using
XplainPath.

Testing: Writing Junit test cases and preparing test reports.

Others: Reviewing work done by team members.

Projects:

1.)	Project Name :VM Ware - EPP

Client	VM Ware corporation

Role	Consultant / Technical Lead 

Organization	Deloitte Consulting India Pvt.Ltd.

Duration	Jan 2012 – Aug 2012

Size	Project : 5

	Module : 

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Languages: Java-J2EE , Liferay Portals

Technologies: Springs and Hibernate

Database :  Oacle10g 

Tools  :Eclipse IDE and  Oracle XE..

O/s : Windows XP

Server: Apache- Tomcat 6.0



VM Ware -EPP: 

This application is developed for the VM Ware Corporation. This
application handles an intrinsic part of the business , which is called
enterprise purchase program. This application enables the organization
to oversee business with a broad spectrum and at the same time gives a
enormous control to modify the business strategies and create new
ventures as and when needed. This is developed on liferay portal which
has Spring portlets.

 

Contribution:

 As a Consultant was responsible for:

  Coding using Java: jet and Springs frameworks 

  Connection to database and data retrieval using Hibernate Named
queries

  Testing - Unit testing & Integration testing 

  Deployment of the application to dev, test environment.

  Build release management.

  Timely reporting to the stakeholders.

2.)	Project Name :Bio-Rad Release 2.5

Client	Bio-Rad Corportion

Role	e-Commerce Consultant 

Organization	Deloitte Consulting India Pvt.Ltd.

Duration	March 2011 – Dec 2011

Size	Project : 7

	Module : 

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Languages: Sterling E-commerce Suite , Java-J2EE

Technologies: Struts and Portals

Database :  Oacle10g 

Tools  :Eclipse IDE and  Oracle XE..

O/s : Windows XP

Server: Apache- Tomcat 6.0



Bio-Rad Systems: 

This application is developed for the Bio-Rad Corporation. This
application involves complex integrations between CMS (Content
Management Systems), Portal (Web-Logic Portal) and Sterling e-commerce
suite. I was primarily involved in Sterling development. 

 

Contribution:

 As a Consultant was responsible for:

  Coding using Sterling suite: Jsp and classes.

  Connection to database and data retrieval using Sterling.

  Testing - Unit testing & Integration testing 

  Deployment of the application to development environment, test
environment.

  Timely reporting to the stakeholders.

3.)	Project Name :VM Ware solutions

Client	VM Ware corporation

Role	Consultant / Technical Lead 

Organization	Deloitte Consulting India Pvt.Ltd.

Duration	Nov 2010 – March 2011

Size	Project : 2

	Module : 

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Languages: Java-J2EE.

Technologies: Springs and Hibernate

Database :  Oacle10g 

Tools  :Eclipse IDE and  Oracle XE..

O/s : Windows XP

Server: Apache- Tomcat 6.0



VM Ware Solutions: 

This application is developed for the VM Ware Corporation. This
application currently handles the main web application (www.vmware.com).
The contents of the website are entered and published using interwoven
tool, and the contents are stored in database in forms of fragments
(BLOB, CLOB). This application then retrieves the fragments from the
database and resolves the contents into meaningful data to create the
view. The type of data that application should support varies from
simple text paragraphs to Media player, external links, RSS feeds etc.

 

Contribution:

 As a Consultant was responsible for:

Providing the initial estimates for the project. 

Creating high level design document.

Coding using Java: jet and Springs frameworks 

Connection to database and data retrieval using Hibernate Named queries

Testing - Unit testing & Integration testing 

Deployment of the application to dev, test environment.

Build release management.

Timely reporting to the stakeholders.

4.)	Project Name :Dlinx

Client	Federal Government USA

Role	Consultant

Organization	Deloitte Consulting India Pvt.Ltd.

Duration	May 2010 – Nov 2010

Size	Project : 4

	Module : Reconciliation / Vendor Management / Debtor Management

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Languages: Java-J2EE.

Technologies: Springs 

Middleware: JDBC.

Database :  Oacle10g 

Tools  :Jdeveloper 2.x.

O/s : Windows XP

Server: Jboss



DLinx: 

Dlinx (Deloitte Links), is a project developed for the federal
government of USA. This links the debts owed by/to a debtor/government
in order to facilitate a one shot view of a debtor’s account summary.
This facilitates management of information at a single repository,
rather than individual states. With this application both the government
officials as well as citizens can check the status and history of the
taxation implied.

 

Contribution:

 As a Consultant was responsible for:

  Coding using Java: jsp and Springs frameworks 

  Creation of database triggers, stored procedures.

  Testing - Unit testing & Integration testing 

  Bug Fixing 

  Timely reporting to stake holders about the project.

5.)	Project Name :Latter Day Saints

Client	LDS Group USA

Role	Consultant

Organization	Deloitte Consulting India Pvt.Ltd.

Duration	June 2009 – May 2010

Size	Project : 30

	Module : Reports

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Languages: Java-J2EE.

Technologies: JSF and Springs 

Middleware: Hibernate and Spring JDBC.

Database :  Oacle10g 

Tools :Eclipse 3.5

O/s : Windows XP

Application Server: Tomcat 5.5 server



LDS-CUBS: 

The CUBS is an integrated enterprise solution provided for the Church of
Latter Day Saints, in USA. The Church has different operations such as
Donations, Disbursement of money, Missionary Fund management etc. which
are again divided into various subcategories. The distributed nature of
these operations makes it difficult for them to maintain the management
of money and management of the processes involved in them. The solution
offered by CUBS is to provide an online application which will handle
all the operations and maintain a central repository of the information.
This has been proposed for various countries such as USA, Canada,
Guatemala, Puerto Rico and Germany, where the Church is operational.

 

Contribution:

 As a Consultant was responsible for:

  Coding using Java, xhtml and JSF and Springs frameworks 

  JUnit Test Cases 

  Testing - Unit testing & Integration testing 

  Bug Fixing 

  Creating Crystal Reports.

  Creation of Batch Processes using Tidal Soft.

  Writing SQL for Crystal Reports and Batch Processes. 

SATYAM Computer Services Ltd.

June 2005– May 2009

Designation: Software Engineer

Worked as a Developer with Satyam Computer Services Ltd. My Job
responsibilities included Coding, Designing, and Development. I was
involved in designing Class Diagrams, Web Diagram, Activity Diagram,
Sequence Diagrams and Detail Design Document. I was involved in
implementing and developing the project modules using framework such as
Struts, springs and have worked extensively on EJB. Worked on JavaScript
and JSP and Servlets. Involved in designing BPEL Process flow. Have
exposure to working on Portal environment, Web sphere Portal Server 5.1,
Web sphere Application Server and Process Server 6.0. 

Responsibilities:

Development: Managing complete software development life cycle from
Requirements study, Design, Coding, Testing and Release of the module.

Designing of Sequence Diagram, Activity Diagram and Web Diagram for my
module. 

Root cause analyses of any bug/error/crashes occurring in the module
through debugging in the code.

Ensuring the timelines fixed for the deliverables was met.

Reviewing work done by team members and suggesting innovative solutions.

Carrying out Unit Tests and Integration Tests and Preparing Unit and
Integration test Reports.

	

Projects:

1.)	Project Name : Loss Mitigation CSW

Client	CITI GROUP

Role	Developer

Organization	SATYAM COMPUTER SERVICES LTD.

Duration	October 2008 – May 2009

Size	Project : 2

	Module : Year End

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Languages: Java-J2EE.

Technologies: Struts and EJB

Database :  Oacle10g , Mainframes

Tools :RAD-7.0,

O/s : Windows XP

Application Server: IBM Web Sphere Application  Server 6.0



Loss Mitigation CSW: 

Loss Mitigation CSW is developed for the internal agents of the
CitiGroup’s REL department which deals with Real Estate Lending
related loans. This particular part for the application deals with the
loss mitigation details maintenance for a loan account. This allows the
user to update the information once received by the customer under a
particular loan number or account number for which the loan was issued.
Various sub modules such as Extensions, Refer to Loss Mitigation,
Bankruptcy, Borrower allows them to enter specific details in a
systematic way.

 

Contribution:

 As a team member was responsible for:

  Coding using Java, JSP and Struts frameworks 

  JUnit Test Cases 

  Testing - Unit testing & Integration testing 

  Bug Fixing 

  Activity Diagram 

  Sequence Diagram 

  Prepared the Detailed Design Document 

2.)	Project Name : Year End OCS

Client	CITI GROUP

Role	Developer

Organization	SATYAM COMPUTER SERVICES LTD.

Duration	July 2008 – October 2008

Size	Project : 2

	Module : Year End

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Languages: Java-J2EE.

Framework: Spring

Database :  Oacle10g , Mainframes

Tools :RAD-7.0,

O/s : Windows XP

Application Server: IBM Web Sphere Application  Server 6.0



Year End OCS: 

Year End OCS is developed for the internal user of the CitiGroup’s REL
department which deals with Real Estate Lending related loans. This
particular part for the application deals with the Year End details
maintenance for a loan account. This allows the user to update the
information once received by the customer under a particular loan number
or account number for which the loan was issued. Various sub modules
such as Extensions, Refer to Loss Mitigation, Bankruptcy, Borrower
allows them to enter specific details in a systematic way.

 

Contribution:

 As a team member was responsible for:

  Coding using Java, JSP and Springs frameworks 

  JUnit Test Cases 

  Testing - Unit testing & Integration testing 

  Bug Fixing 

  Activity Diagram 

  Sequence Diagram 

  Prepared the Detailed Design Document 

3.)	Project Name: ONLINE COLLECTION SYSTEM.

Client	CITI GROUP

Role	Developer

Organization	SATYAM COMPUTER SERVICES LTD.

Duration	December 2007 – June 2008

Size	Project : 3

	Module : Extensions and Bankruptcy

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Languages: Java-J2EE.

Framework: Spring

Database :  Oacle10g , Mainframes

Tools :RAD-7.0,

O/s : windows XP

Application Server: IBM Web Sphere Application  Server 6.0



Online Collection System: 

Online Collection System is developed for the internal user of the
CitiGroup’s REL department which deals with Real Estate Lending
related loans. This allows the user to update the information once
received by the customer under a particular loan number or account
number for which the loan was issued. Various sub modules such as
Extensions, Refer to Loss Mitigation, Bankruptcy, Borrower allows them
to enter specific details in a systematic way.

 

Contribution:

 As a team member was responsible for:

  Coding using Java, JSP and Springs frameworks 

  JUnit Test Case 

  Testing - Unit testing & Integration testing 

  Bug Fixing 

  Activity Diagram 

  Sequence Diagram 

  Prepared the Detailed Design Document 

4.)	Project Name : NextGen

Client	CITCO

Role	Developer

Organization	SATYAM COMPUTER SERVICES LTD.

Duration	November 2005 – November 2007

Size	Project : 100

Module: 10	Module : Company and Assets

Environment

(with skill versions)	Software

	Languages: Java-J2EE

Framework: Struts and JSF.

Middle Ware: EJB and Hibernate

Database :  Oacle10g

Tools : WSAD-5.1,RAD-6.0,ISqlPlus

O/s : windows XP

Application Server: IBM WebSphere Application  Server 6.0



NextGen System:

The NextGen project is a banking domain project. The client is replacing
its old system with the new system. NextGen basically transacts in
Securities and Assets. NextGen  is responsible for taking and executing
Trade for different Assets. Client places the trade with the online
website provided by the NextGen. The trade then goes through its full
lifecycle till it gets completed in NextGen. NextGen also interacts with
many external systems .These external systems either hold data relating
to NextGen or NextGen receives trade order from Client via these
external systems e.g SWIFT. So to interact to the external systems
NextGen sends messages to a Middleware in XML format. From there the
messages are sent to the respective destinations. Similarly NextGen
receives message from External systems via Middleware.

Contribution:

 As a team member was responsible for:

  Coding using Java, JSP and JavaScript in Struts and JSF frameworks 

  Development of Enterprise Java Beans 

  Executing BPEL 

  Testing - Unit testing & Integration testing 

  Bug Fixing 

  High level Design 

  Activity Diagram 

  Sequence Diagram 

  Prepared the Detailed Design Document 

Personal Information:

Date of Birth: 27th October, 1983

PASSPORT: YES

E-mail-:   HYPERLINK "mailto:suhail.aziz.khan@gmail.com" 
suhail.aziz.khan@gmail.com 

Contact: 888-621-7070

TECHPOINT PROFILE

                                                                        
                                                                        
  Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:suhail.aziz.khan@gmail.com" 
suhail.aziz.khan@gmail.com 

Phone: +91 – 888 621 7070

