From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 
1.5yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â - 
3yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  - 
Â Â Â Â 1.5yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â   3 years

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  2 year

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â   Â 3years  

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
maven & Ant

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

  Tomcat/weblogic/IBM websphere

Ok for startup

Code: 80% design 20%

 Objective:

To obtain a challenging and rewarding position in software development
where I can utilize my knowledge, proficiency and skills to contribute
to companyâ€™s growth

Carrer Summary:

Having 3.0 years of professional IT experience in development of Java
and J2EE and having good knowledge of J2EE architecture.

Strong understanding of OO design principles, design patterns and
software engineering full life cycle.

Experience includes application development using Core Java, J2EE,
Spring,Spring Web Services, Hibernate, Ibatis, SQL, Junit and full life
cycle development of a project.

Having experience in deploying Java EE applications in Application 
servers.

Skilled in functional analysis and technical implementation of BPM
solutions.

Ability to have proper communication and maintain good relationship with
clients.

Highly motivated team player, proactive, quick learner and proven record
of capability to work under pressure and deadlines.

Good analytical, communication, interpersonal skills and presentation
skills.

Onsite Experience:

 	Overseas

Electronic Fund Transfer and Straight Through Processing of SWIFT
Payment messages implementation  at Ecobank Transitional Inc, Ghana for
7 months 

(20th Septemberâ€™2012 to 20th Aprilâ€™2013)

Electronic Fund Transfer and Straight Through Processing of SWIFT
Payment messages implementation  at Ecobank Transitional Inc, Nigeria
for 1 month(21st Aprilâ€™2013 to 20th Mayâ€™2013)

Awards & Achievements:

Got best performance of the year (2013-2014) award in the team of CITI
bank Project.

Professional Experience:

Currently Working as a Sr.Programmer for Newgen Software Technologies 
from Mayâ€™2013 to Till date

 Worked as a Software Engineer for  Newgen Software Technologies 
through Marlabs Software  from Octoberâ€™2011 to Aprilâ€™2013

Academic Details:

   

    BE in Electronic and Communication Engineering from Anna University
with 70.23%,Chennai         

Technical Skills:

Operating Systems : Windows XP, windows 7.

Languages	     : Core Java, J2EE, HTML, Ext js, XML.

Frameworks            : Spring Web services, Spring
3.0(IOC,ORM,DAO,MVC)Modules,

                                 : Hibernate 3.0,Ibatis 3.0,Spring Batch

Database	        	     : MySql,Oracle 11g.

Tools and Utilities   : Maven, Jira, Log4j,Perforce,SVN,Ant,SOAP UI

IDE  		      : Eclipse

Servers		     : Tomcat,IBM Web spear,Weblogic.

Projects: 

Project #1	

Project Title		: In View Portfolio

Client                     : Citi Bank (USA)

Environment		: Core Java, Spring Jdbc,Hibernate,Spring
Webservices(SOAP),Oracle11g,Weblogic                                    
              

Role              	: Developer

Duration		: Juneâ€™2013 to Till date.

Project Description:  

	        The focus of In View Portfolio is to bring all relevant
portfolio information, including holdings, analytics and news, to the
user in a logical and easy to navigate fashion where all necessary
information is presented clearly and effectively, i.e., a client
impactful use experience.

            Inview Portfolio Services interfaces (Web services)
structure related to SHEEN InView Portfolio Financial application. All
the services are developed using SAA (Strategic Asset Allocation). 

The services have been categorized into the below categories.

Financial Services

Demographic Services

Reference Data Services

Performance Data Services

My Responsibilities in this project include:

Involved in writing  Service and DAOâ€™s.

As a team member, was responsible for Analysis of the specifications
provided by the client.

 Investigating the issues, proposing the cause and solution and
estimating how much time it         will take to solve an issue.

Responsible for testing Apiâ€™s by uising the SOAP UI

Project #2	

Project Title		: Straight Through Processing (STP) and Fund Transfer
(FT)

Client                     : Ecobank Transitional Inc, Ghana

Environment		: Core Java, Omniflow product(Newgen), Oracle and IBM Web
spear.

Role              	: Technical Consultant

Duration		: Septemberâ€™2012 to Juneâ€™2013.

Project Description:  

             Ecobank Transitional Inc is a PAN African bank, with
banking operations in 30 African countries. The purpose of the project
is to enable twenty eight affiliates of Ecobank in twenty eight
countries to automate the process of worldwide Electronic Fund Transfer
(FT), and Straight Through Processing of incoming SWIFT messages and
book transactions.

My Responsibilities in this project include:

Responsible for resolving Production issues.

Deploying the application on production server .

Responsible for testing integration calls with Flex while deploying the
application on   production server.

Responsible for making understand about the FT and STP Application to
the Clients.

Involved in unit testing.

Project #3

Project Title             : GM-Incentives and Offer Management

Client                      : GM(USA)

Environment            : Spring 3.0, Ibatis, Extjs,Spring
Webservices(SOAP),Tomacat7.0,MySql 5.5       

Role                        : Team Member in Development

Duration	          :   Octoberâ€™2011 to Septemberâ€™2012.

Project Description:  

			GM-Incentives and Offer Management is designed to act as a gateway
for vehicle data destined for IOM. It provided by the GM the ability to
preview the data in a Staging environment and adjust the data before
releasing all or part of the data to the working database and then to
production environment. The system must act as a gateway for the vehicle
data being sent to IOM. The main theme of this project is to provide the
incentives and offers for the vehicles to the dealers. 

My Responsibilities in this project include:

Responsible for developing the Controller classes.

Involved in writing Ibatis Queries to communicate with database.

Involved in unit testing. 

As a team member, was responsible for Analysis of the specifications
provided by the clients.

                                             

                                                                        
                                                        

 Prasanna Kumar								     

 Email: Prasannakumar.koppolu@gmail.com				      MobileÂ :+91-
8377883221

Prasannakumar  									 	        Page   PAGE  1  of   NUMPAGES  4 

