From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â  2 year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â   Â Â -  2 year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  basic

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3year

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

JWT,tomcat,websphere

                             Ok to startup

Code:80% design 20%

Diwakar Reddy G

C/o Usha Rani	Mobile	:+91-9676892423

House No: 1-8-115/E,	Email 	:diwakarreddy45@gmail.com

Meclodguda,

 diwakar.gudisi@ebix.com

Begumpet,



Hyderabad-500003.





Objective



To pursue a highly rewarding career, seeking for a job in challenging
and healthy work environment where I can utilize my skills and knowledge
efficiently for organizational growth as well as personal goals.      

	

Summary



2+ years of IT development Experience in JAVA and J2EE technologies

Good exposure in development of web applications using java technologies
Spring and Hibernate, GWT

Good Knowledge in Tomcat, Maven and Eclipse

Successfully involved in a Product development named TPP which serves
New Business and Underwriting for Insurance Industry.

Energetic and self-motivated team player. Proven ability to work in both
Individual and team environments with positive result.

Has the ability to quickly adapt to new environments and technologies.

Educational Profile



	

	B.Tech from JNTU.

M.Tech from IIT-Guwahati.

Organizational Experience



Ebix Software pvt. Ltd, Hyderabad: December 2011 to till date, as
Software Engineer.		

Skill Set



Operating System		Windows, Linux

Languages	Java

Application Servers	Web logic

Web Servers	Apache Tomcat

Data Base	MS Sql, My Sql

Frameworks	Hibernate, Spring

Tools	Eclipse, Maven



Project  1

          

Product Name	   : TPP (The Policy Processor)

Technologies       : Java, GWT, spring, Hibernate,  and  MS Sql Server.

Description:

TPP is a New Business and Underwriting Automating system for Life
Insurance. New Business captured into TPP either by Data Entry or App
Import. Underwriting is the process of Analyzing the Risk and making the
decision. The Risk evaluation done through HLC (Health and Life Style
Check).As part of Risk evaluation Financial and Reinsurance Risk also
considered. The system takes the decision by using Preferred Class Based
or Preferred Point Based or Rating by Standard Tables based on the Risk
evaluated. System also has manual underwriting where underwriter can
override system decision according to his analysis.

Responsibilities:

Developed Create Case Underwriting and Requirements module as per
requirement.

Written Spring Service Interfaces and their implementations.

Integration testing, identifying the issues and fixing them.

Code refactoring

Developing use cases across modules.

Project  2

          

Product Name		: Life Speed Plus

Technologies		: Spring, Hibernante, My Sql, GWT.

       		 

Description: 

         Life Speed Plus is an e-App system which serves the New
Business for insurance industry. It is a distributor centric
application, where distributor gets the business for multiple insurance
companies. System validates the application, before sending the
application to the corresponding carrier, it asks the e-signatures of
the required parties through silanis e-signature system. 

Responsibilities:

Understanding requirements and Planning the design, development of the
application.

Ensured timelines are adhered to and status updates are completed on
schedule.

Implemented Work Flow, Work Allocation based on requirements.

Implemented Business logic based on the requirements.

Performing the Build activities to give the sprints to testing team.

Worked on fixing and updated the Bug status as required.

Project  3

          

Product Name     :  PICF (Planet Interactive Core Framework)

Technologies        : Java, GWT, spring, Hibernate  and  My Sql Server.

Description:

PICF is a web service platform framework for building flexible and
scalable n-tier enterprise solutions specifically for Insurance. The
founding principal of this framework is to allow business-driven
development through configuration at the presentation, business logic
and data layers using metadata. PICF is the framework developed at
Planet Online for the internal products like TPP (The Policy Processor),
PSS (Producer Support System), Claims. PICF comprises of several
components. 

Responsibilities:

Developing the requirements.

Bug fixes across modules.             

Extracurricular Activities

Reading Books

Solving puzzles 

Personal Details



         Date of Birth                            : 21st March, 1988

        Gender                                      : Male

        Languages known                     : English, Hindi, Telugu

        Nationality                                : Indian

        Marital Status                           : Single

        Permanent address                   : 10-5-462, kadiri,
Anantapur, AndhraPradesh, 515556

