From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3 year
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â -  4
year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  -  1.5
yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  8 year

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  worked

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  worked 

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Apache Tomcat 6.0/ Web Sphere Application Server

6 ppl reporting to you

Ok for bitchemy

AVALA SRIDHAR REDDY

E-Mail:avalasridhar@gmail.com

Mobile: +91-9642171860

SUMMARY

Having around 7.5 years of experience in software development using Java
and J2EE technologies

Experience in developing web based, multi tier applications using HTML,
JSP, JSTL, Java Script, JQuery as UI technologies and JSF, Struts,
Wicket and Spring frameworks.

Experience in using Oracle, MySQL and DB2 databases integrating with
JDBC API, MyBatis and Hibernate frameworks. 

Expertise in writing unit tests using JUnit, TestNG, Mockito frameworks
and improving code quality using Hudson or Jenkins integrating with
FindBugs, PMD, CPD and Cobertura tools.

Good understanding of Classic and Agile life cycle methodologies and
experience in working with Scrum and Kanban methodologies.

Communicating with the users to understand the requirements, Defining
the programming standards and conventions and Preparing program specs
and unit tests

Coding and reviewing code against program specs and coding standards,
Executing unit test cases, log efforts and track defects to closure

Define build sequence and performing the build and deployment, Involving
in impact analysis and implementing the change request and Develop team
members and strengthen team engagement.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Working as a Technical Lead at Prokarma Softech, Hyderabad from July
2011.

Worked as a Sr. Software Engineer at Mastek Ltd, Mumbai from Sep 2007 to
June 2011.

Worked as a Software Engineer at ANM Soft, Mumbai from Dec 2006 to Sep
2007.

ACADAMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Mater of Computer Applications from S.R.T.M. University.

Bachelor of Science from Kakatiya University.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Java and J2EE Technologies: Java, JDBC, JSP, Servlets, JSTL, JQuery,
EJB, JSON, XML

Frameworks: JSF, Struts, Spring , Hibernate, MyBatis, JUnit, TestNG 

Relational Databases: Oracle, MySQL and DB2

Web Servers: Tomcat, JBoss, Jetty, OC4J and Web Logic

Development Tools: Eclipse, Toad, SQL Developer

Defect Finding/Tracking Tools: BugZilla, ePMO, Find Bugs, PMD, CPD 

Version Control: VSS, CVS, SVN, GIT

Build systems: Ant, Maven

Continuous Integration: Hudson, Jenkins

ACHIEVEMENTS

Project Excellence Award in RVOS, NA project, 2011.

The Silent Workers Award, Mastek-Annual Awards, 2010.

Client Appreciation Certificate from IDBI Fortis,2009.

PROJECT PROFILE

1. TITLE		: GATEWAY CONNECT

Organization		: Prokarma,Hyderabad  

Client                  : UP,Omaha,US

Team Size		: 20

Duration		: From July 2011 

Role 			: Technical Lead 

Technologies		: Spring, JSP, JQuery, GIT, MyBatis, JQuery, JQGrid,
Spring, Oracle, Tomcat

Description		: The gateway connect will provide a web based view and
administration interface into the gateway connect system. In addition it
will have some external commercial users use data entry to send messages
into gateway connect system. Message view component will provide access
to view messages at different stages based on roles and privileges. The
messages view will include the components of the messages. The path they
traversed within the system and their association with the other
messages in the system. This includes view of the archival and billing.
Profile management component will enable the creation of end-to-end
profile  that includes configuration of the transport profile for the
messages receive, the SRT profile to define the mediation and routing
for the messages and the transport profile for the messages send.

2. TITLE		: RVOS-PAS

Organization		: MajescoMastek,Mumbai 

Client                  : RVOS,North America

Team Size		: 20

Duration		: From Sep 2010 to June 2011 

Role 			: Module Lead

Technologies		: Struts, JSP, Java Script, Spring, Oracle, and JBoss

Description		: The policy administration system developed by
MajescoMastek for the CGL program comprises several modules like policy
dash board, quote, application, endorsement, cancellation,
reinstatement, rewrite, renweal, policy inquiry and masters. Commercial
General Liability (CGL) program provides insurance for the liability
arising out of maintaining a property, performing business operations
and liability arising out of properties rented out to tenets. A property
in case of commercial general liability refers to a structure with
multiple homes/shops or single home/shop. There can be multiple
properties covered under one policy with each property having multiple
shops. Activity/work carried out in shops are termed as class code
defined by ISO(Insurance Service Office).Each ISO code carries an ISO
rate based on which the shop needs to be rated.

3. TITLE		: IDBI-POLICY ADMIN SYSTEM

Organization		: Mastek,Mumbai 

Client			: IDBI Fortis,India

Team Size		: 21

Duration		: From Jul 2008 to Sep 2010

Role 			: Senior Software Engineer

Technologies		: Elixir, JSP, EJB, Oracle and OCRJ

Description		: PAS is a product that improves operational efficiency and
entails cost savings for the insurance company providing streamlined
proposal-to-policy-to-claims cycle containing Masters, Proposal entry,
Assessment, Underwriting, Payment and Policy generation, Claims,
Reinsurance modules. Masters module provides the users to configure
setup parameters such as Approval limits for underwriting, Proposal
entry provides functionality to capture the information related to
client, product. In Assessment sub module the information captured in
earlier steps of the need analysis is transferred to the proposal
information capture. The Underwriting sub module enables users to take
underwriting decisions for proposals which are sent for underwriting
after the auto approval process is triggered. The Payment sub module
enables users to search and view proposals for which premium has been
collected. The Policy generation sub module enables user to generate
policies for proposals and to maintain dispatch receipts when policy was
delivered to the client.

4. TITLE		: CHANNEL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Organization		: Mastek, Mumbai 

Client			: AIG Korea, Korea

Team Size		: 18

Duration		: From Sep 2007 to Jul 2008 

Role 			: Software Engineer

Technologies		: Elixir, JSP, EJB, Oracle and OCRJ

Description		: The Channel Management provides the functionality to
manage all the operations of various distribution channels operated by
an insurance company.  Functions like Production, Persistency,
Commission, and Contests and Awards provide the ability to track the
performance by sales staff, team, branch, sub-channel & channel. This
project also maintains policy details, Agentâ€™s registration, Agentâ€™s
Attendance, Agentâ€™s movements, agentâ€™s restriction details,
agentâ€™s complaint details. Also handle the additional functionality
like Donation and Temporary Attachment etc. Apart from these modules
some customer specific modules like Guarantee Insurance, Policy Transfer
have been implemented.

5. TITLE		: ONLINE FLIGHT BOOKING

Organization		: ANM Soft, Mumbai 

Client			: Omni Siberia, Portuguese

Team Size		: 10

Duration		: From Dec 2006 to Sep 2007 

Role 			: Software Engineer 

Technologies		: Servlets, JSF, Ajax, Hibernate, MySQL and Tomcat

Description		: The online flight booking engine is intended to be used
by the travel agents who have already signed up with the Tour Operator.
This flight booking engine is interfaced with Amadeus and acts as a
front end to create reservations on the Amadeus system. Through the
booking engine the user can create a booking, retrieve old bookings and
check availability of flights. The user needs to have a valid login id
and password to the booking engine. The system also enables creation of
new users and editing of the user profile along with the ability to
change passwords if desired. The creation of bookings, flight
availability search, retrieval of bookings, etc are done by interfacing
with the Amadeus Global Distribution System. The user can generate a
booking in 5 steps. Flight Search, Flight Select, Passenger Details,
Payment details and confirmation.

(Avala Sridhar Reddy)

