From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2
yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â - 3 Years&
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  1 yearsÂ &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  9 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  2.5 Years

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Maven & ANtÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Eclipse,Tomcat,Jboss

 

Ok for bitchemy

Overview

Have 9 years of experience as a Programmer/Developer with a wide range
of skills in the IT industry and offer functional experience in
Java/J2EE technologies in the state of web technologies and server
applications. Excellent communication and verbal skills coupled with
strong interpersonal skills.

Education Qualification

Master of Computer Applications (M.C.A), Andhra University.

Bachelor of Computer Science (B.Sc.), Andhra University.

Work experience	

Currently working as Senior Software Engineering in Pramati Technologies
from October 2006 to till date.

Worked with Systematic Information Research Institute (SIRI, Inc.),
Seoul, South Korea from July 2005 to July 2006.

Technical Skills

Languages:	Java

J2EE Technologies:	Servlets, JSP, JDBC

Frameworks:	Struts2, Spring4.x, Hibernate, Jersey Rest WebServices

Web Technologies:	HTML, JavaScript, JSTL 

OS/Environment:	Windows and Linux.

Tools:	Eclipse, IntelliJ Idea, Squirrel, Sql Developer. 

Web Server:	Tomcat6, Tomcat7

Application Server:	JBoss4.x, Pramati Server

Databases:	Oracle, MySQL5.x

Testing Tools:	Junit, Selenium, TestNG, JMeter 

Build & CI Tools:     	Ant, Maven, Hudson, Jenkins

Version Control:              SmartCVS, SVN, Git

Project Experience

Project 1:	WaveMaker, Inc.

Team Size:	20

Platform/ Technology:	Java, Spring4.1, Servlets, JSP, Quartz, Jersey,
MySQL, AngularJS, HTML, CSS,  Ant,  Maven, Pramati Server, Quartz

Tools:	Eclipse, IntelliJ, Git, Squirrel

Client:				Pramati.

Project Description:

WaveMaker is a aPaaS software for development of custom enterprise
applications on private cloud. It has two main business components,
WaveMaker Studio and WaveMaker Cloud. Studio is an open source
development and deployment IDE that enables to create cloud and mobile
apps. Cloud provides on-demand computing, enterprise app lifecycle
management and API enabled development using public or private cloud
infrastructure.   

WaveMakerEnterprise is aPaaS software that enables an enterprise to
setup and operate a private aPaaS. It includes Studio7, Cloud and
Launchpad modules. The Launchpad module is used for administering the
entire WaveMaker platform like managing instances, projects, users etc.

Enterprise Developer Network is a platform for developers in an
organization to collaborate on projects and share resources. Its a
platform and single entry point for all the WaveMaker products.

Roles & Responsibilities: 

Used Spring jdbc across all modules for the persistence layer and
replaced the old custom jdbc framework.

Developed extensions for tomcat to remember the application state.

Added custom argument resolvers and exception handler to wrap responses.
Added logging interceptor.

Introduced Pagination, Search and Sort features across all the modules
using Spring.

Involved in the features like restricting email domains and generating
statistics reporting  for analysis.

Fixed the bugs across various modules in current and production
environments.

Design and developed a framework to test the Rest APIs using the TestNG.

Performed few load and stress tests with TestNG and tools like JMeter.

Project 2:	ezMarket 

Team Size:	9

Platform/ Technology:	Java, Struts2, Spring, Hibernate, Servlets, JSP,
Quartz, Stripes,  JBoss, Oracle, JavaScript, Ajax, HTML, CSS, Aspose,
Spring-Acegi, Ant

Tools:	Eclipse, TortiseSVN, Squirrel, Sql Developer 

Client:				Agentrics.

Project Description:

ezMarket is a solution which helps retailers in sourcing (auctions and
tenders). It enables buyers to streamline, automate, and standardize
online negotiations, generating dramatic cost savings and long-term
efficiency improvements in the purchase of a broad range of merchandise,
indirect goods, and services. The tool is designed to create
opportunities for optimal purchase price on merchandise while increasing
overall efficiency in the buying process.

    This user-friendly web-based application allows buyers to easily
configure auction events in multiple ways, handling every auction type
â€“ Reverse, Dutch, Japanese, Parallel Trade, Forward Auctions and
RFI/RFP/RFQ (Tenders).

Roles & Responsibilities: 

Porting the project to use the Struts2, Spring and Hibernate frameworks
to replace Commerce Websphere and DB2.

Involved in the design and development of UserManagement, RFx and
Awarding modules.

Fixed the bugs across various modules in pre and post production
environments.

Design and developed a framework to automate the whole application using
selenium.

Added Integration tests to test end-to-end functionality of various
modules.

Added Junit testcases to the new modules added.

Configured Hudson tool and created jobs to automate the tests on a daily
basis.

Use code coverage tools like emma to enhance the test coverage.

Project 3:	Network Logistics 

Team Size:	7

Platform/ Technology:	Java, Junit, Spring, Hibernate, JBoss4.0, Oracle,
JavaScript, HTML, JSP, Windows XP

Tools:	Eclipse, Toad, CVS 

Client:				Click Commerce.

Project Description:

	Network Logistics is an e-commerce application which does the supply
chain management. It includes the generation of receipts, place orders,
create inventory and shipment. 

Roles & Responsibilities: 

Changed the queries from SQL to hql and added Junit tests.

Fixed bugs and UI issues.

Updated test scripts for the functionality changes. 

Used the XLTester tool which tests the scripts.

Project 4:	Hotel Reservation System 

Team Size:	7

Platform/ Technology:	EJB, JDBC, Axis, Velocity Servlets, Velocity
Templates, Tomcat 5.0, JBoss4.0. Oracle9i, JavaScript, HTML, Windows XP

Tools:	Eclipse3.1, Toad, QDesigner 

Client:				SIRI Inc., Seoul.

Project Description:

	The Online Hotel Reservation System includes requirements of
registration, invitation and making partnership, allocation dealing,
contraction and reservation for rooms and rates between suppliers and
distributors. And also, it covers user management and bank transactions.

Roles & Responsibilities: 

Prepared Database queries and developed database connectivity methods.

Implemented methods for the business logic according to Designed Module.


Developed wsdl files and generated the required stubs and skeletons for
the client.

Coded using J2EE technologies like EJB, Web Services and prepared
Documentation of  Allotment, Reservation modules.

Developed the webservice implementations and tested it with Junit.

Used CVS for version controlling.

Project 5:	Online Trade Show

Team Size:	4

Platform/ Technology:	Java/J2EE, Velocity Templates, Tomcat 5.0,
Oracle9i, JavaScript, HTML, DHTML, XML, Windows XP.

Tools:	Eclipse3.1, Toad, QDesigner 

Client:				SIRI Inc., Seoul.

Project Description:

	Online Trade Show project is a web based application, and handles the
member registration, booth creation, adding products to the booth, along
with the search functionalities of company directory and product
registry and Online Exhibition of products using flash. 

Roles & Responsibilities: 

Developed methods for connection to the database and business logic
methods.

Developed the coding of Booth Management and Online Exhibition using the
technologies like Velocity Servlets and Templates. 

Used CVS for version controlling.

		Pankaj Nawal

		  HYPERLINK "mailto:pankaj.nawal@gmail.com"  pankaj.nawal@gmail.com 

		Mobile: 9949692524

