From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2
year&currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â -  1.5years &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  - 
RESTFULÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 3.7years

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  knoeldege

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Ant-2.5yearsÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Tomcat/weblogic

Nagalinga  Reddy N

Mobile: + 91-9769701739

Email: nagalingareddy3@gmail.com

     	                

Professional Summary:

3.7 years of experience in developing Java/J2ee Technology for Banking
Domain.

Currently working as a Software Developer.

Proficient in Core Java, JSF, Spring 3.0, Hibernate 3.0, JDBC, Servlets,
JSP, Struts,  Oracle, Java Script, Ajax developing the Applications
using the Application Server WebLogic 11g, and Tomcat.

Manage multiple projects simultaneously. Learn and apply new
technologies quickly.

Analyzing the Design of the entire system, and preparing the detailed
design document for different modules.

Team Player with good interpersonal, communication and fast learning
skills. Highly adaptive to any type of work environment and technology.

Good understanding and analyzing of data model for any project.

Work Summary:

Working as Software Engineer in TRIUMPH SYSTEMS AND SOLUTIONS Pvt Ltd,
Mumbai from March 2011 to till date.

Education Qualification:

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering from JNTU,
Hyderabad from October 2004 to May 2008.

Master of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering from JNTU,
Hyderabad from October 2009 to January 2012.

Technical Exposure:

Description		  Tools/Languages/Softwareâ€™s

Languages		: Java 

Java Technologies	: Core Java, Servlets,  JSP

ORM Technologies        : Hibernate

Databases		: Oracle 9i/10g.

Operating Systems	: Windows NT, Windows 98.

Patterns & Frameworks	: Struts1.3(MVC2 Pattern), JSF, Spring 3.0.

Tools		: IBM Eclipse 3.0.

Application Servers	: WebLogic 11g.

Web Technologies	: HTML, DHTML, Java Script, Ajax.

Professional Expertise:

TRIUMPH SYSTEMS AND SOLUTIONS Pvt Ltd : March 2011 â€“ Till Date

Responsible for developing and testing components in accordance with the
company Standards, integrating these components into larger subsystems,
planning and conducting source code reviews, and reviewing the feedback
that recommends necessary rework.

Projects:

SFC (Selling Framework Compliance)

Project Duration : July 2013 â€“  Till Date

Client(s): ICICI Bank Pvt Ltd.

Description:

ICICI Bank offers a wide range of Banking & Wealth Management products
and services to high net-worth individuals and their families. These
products are selling through a network of Relationship Managers (RM).In
this project I involved in FFF (Financial Fact Finding), Masterâ€™s and
Grid and Transactions, Admin.

Modules:FFF, Masterâ€™s, Gird, Transactions, Admin.

Technologies: Core Java, JSF 2.1, Spring 3.0, Hibernate 3.0, Servlet,
Jsp, BIRT, Java Script, Web Services, Eclipse3.1, Oracle 10g, WebLogic
11g, Tomcat 7.

Responsibilities:

Interacting with the Client, Project Manager, Team Leader and Superiors
of the team.

Deployment Document and Approach document Preparation.

Designing the project.

Fixing the bugs and Support.

Waiver

Project Duration : April 2012 â€“  June 2013

Client(s): ICICI Bank Pvt Ltd.

Description:

 	This is an online project targeted for Branches and Call Centers of
ICICI Bank Pvt Ltd. Waiver is settlement of dues between the Customer
and the Bank. This enables us to provide waive off to the delinquent
customer's outstanding amount in order to close that Account or waive
off charges from that account. In this project I involved in Loan &
Card, Transactions.

Modules: Card, Loan, Transactions, Admin.

Technologies:Core Java, Seam Framework, Servlet, JSF, Hibernate 3.0,
JPA, Jsp, BIRT,Java Script, Eclipse3.1, Oracle 10g, WebLogic 10.3.

Responsibilities:

Interacting with the Project Manager, Team Leader and Superiors of the
team.

Deployment Document and Approach document Preparation.

Designing the project.

Fixing the bugs and Support.

I-View  

Project Duration : Mar 2011 â€“  Mar 2012

Client(s): ICICI Bank Pvt Ltd.

Description:

    This is an online project targeted for Branches and Call Centers of
ICICI Bank Pvt Ltd. I-View is an information system, it will display all
the account details of the ICICI Bank customers. There are various
modules such as Relationship Details, Accounts, Loans, Credit Card,
Debit Card, Demat, Service Request. In this project I involved in
Accounts, Loans, Service Request.

    I-View is a project which is sophisticatedly designed for Branches
and Call Centers of ICICI Bank who can log their requests and get all
account details of the customers. The ICICI Bank branches and Call
Centers provide the services to the customer using I-View. I-View helped
the ICICI Bank in getting the business close to the customer and also
increased the revenue to the business. 

Technologies: Core Java, Servlet, JSP, Struts1.3, Jdbc, JavaScript,
Ajax, Eclipse3.1, Oracle 10g, Tomcat 5.5.

Responsibilities:

Interacting with the Project Manager, Team Leader and Superiors of the
team.

Deployment Document and Approach document Preparation.

Involved in presentation layer development using JSP.

Test cases preparation.

Fixing the bugs and Support.

Personal information:

Name:	Nagalinga Reddy.N

Fathers name:	N Sivalinga Reddy

Date of Birth:	10th June 1987

Nationality:	Indian

Permanent Address:	H-No : 2-2, B-19, Sector-1, Vashi, Navi Mumbai.

Contact Number:	9769701739

Languages Known:	English, Telugu and Hindi



