From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  1year &current

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â -  1
year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â  - 
NAÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2.2year

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  aware

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   Aware

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
AntÂ  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Eclipse,tomcat

Ok for startup

RESUME

Vinod Bharathala

Narayanaguda,	                           	                              
             Email:vinodbharathala.09@gmail.com

Hyderabad				                               Mobile: +91-7386840623	 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

2.4 years of experience in IT industry as a Software Engineer in
development and implementation of applications using JAVA based
technologies.

Experience on Java, J2EE (Servlets, JSP, JDBC )

Experience on J2EE framework Spring 2.5 

Experience on ORM framework like Hibernate 3.0 

Exposure on application & web server like Jboss and Tomcat and Web logic
Server                                                                  
                                                                        
                                               

Exposure to relational database like Oracle 10g and MY SQL

Experience on Eclipse IDE

Exposure on Log4j

Capable of working in team as well as independently with excellent
communication, interpersonal and analytical skills

Highly adaptable to fast-paced software development environment
requiring quick problem solving skills without compromising on the
quality of work.

Exceptional ability to quickly master new concepts and technologies.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelorâ€™s in Computer Science from Global Institute of Engineering &
Technology Hyderabad 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Working as Software Engineer for CLS System  (p) Ltd from 2012 to till
Date

TECHNICAL SKILLS

	

  Languages	:  Java.

  Operating System		: Windows, Linux.

  Web Technologies                         : HTML, XML, JavaScript.

   Server side Technologies	 :  JDBC, Servlets, JSP.

   Frame-works	 : Struts, spring.

   ORM Softwareâ€™s                           : Hibernate.

   Web/Application Servers             : Apache Tomcat, Web logic,
JBoss.

    IDEâ€™s 			  : Eclipse, Net bean.

  RDBMS/Database		   : Oracle, MySQL.

CAREER HISTORY 

	

Project #1	 

Title              : Smart Card                                         
                                                                        
                                                                     

Description: 

                        The project entitled "SMART CARD" has been
developed using Servlets and Jsp as front end and Oracle8i as back end.

The project aims at providing corporate information and hospital
statistics can be viewed in a web on the Internet. This Information is
to be integrated into the existing web page of the company but the
access to it would be restricted to the Chairman and Directors or the
concerned person who has been authorized or register users. According
patients needs the hospital management introduce Smart Card Schemes like
one year smart card, two year smart card and lifelong Smart Cards? First
Patient chooses the smart card according to the patient requirement,
depending on Smart card patient get the discount on medical bill. Every
person who is willing to take the smart cards, depending on card value,
first they pay Card Value to Organization. This information is shared to
all the branches of the Hospital group so that they can maintain global
information of the group

Environment:

Technology Used: Java Servlets, Jsp, Jdbc.

Client on Internet/Intranet: Web Browser.

Web Server: Apache Tomcat.

Database Server: Oracle.

Development End: Eclipse.

Responsibilities: 

Study of Requirement Document.

Involved in developing the application.

Developing server side communication with database using JDBC.

Project #2	 

Title              : Global Release

Description: 

        This project involves the development of Following Modules
Globally. The Modules consists of Accessibility, Forums, and Internal
Search. The Accessibility Module deals with the development of the
project in login, registration and forgot password pages. The Forum
Module is developed to make users to discuss on the different relevant
topics. Users can communicate with each others in this forum by writing
their respective blog which is visible to all the users. The Internal
Search Module deals the searching of the internal contents related to
products, blogs, articles, forums etc.

Environment:

Technology Used: Java /j2ee, spring, Hibernate.

Client on Internet/Intranet: Web Browser.

Web Server: Apache Tomcat.

Database Server: Oracle.

Development End: Eclipse.

Responsibilities:

Study of Requirement Document.

Updated spring configuration file and XML documents.

Written Business Delegates.

Written ORMâ€™s and their implementations With Hibernate

        

