Web DeveloperDiwakar Pandey402, Hydernagar, Hyderabad-500072

  HYPERLINK "mailto:Pandey.diwakar@gmail.com" Pandey.diwakar@gmail.com 

Ph:08885019884 

Summary

I am Web Developer with 9 years of experience, Expert in UI integration
of server side pages developing prototype, creating mockup and client
side scripting. 

Objective

To obtain a creative and challenging position that enables me to gain
valuable commercial experience and improve the web development and
design skills that I gained as part of my degree course and previous
experience.

Experience

	

SemanticSpace Technologies (Feb'2011-Till Date)

Neova Solutions Pvt. Ltd,pune (july 2009 – Feb2011)

Suksh Technology, Bangalore (july2008-july2009)

Apostek India Private Limited, Bangalore (feb-2008-july2008)

Covansys India, Chennai(August 2007 - Feb-2008)

First Indian Corporation Private Limited(december'2005-august'2007)

IndiaInfo.com(september'2003-december'2005)

Key Skills 

Programming Skills: HTML, CSS, XML, XSL, JavaScript, Flex4.0, AS2.0,
HTML5, CSS3,ROR

JS Framework: Jquery, Backbone, Skeleton, YUI, EXTJS,Node.js, Angular
js, Backbone.js, Knockout.js

Graphic design and Photo editing.

Worked on Tumblr framework

Worked on google api and GMAP

Proficient user of Dreamweaver MX, Photoshop CS6, basic knowledge of
Flash Animation.

Web Servers: Apache Http Server, Apache Tomcat 4.0.

DBMS used: MySql, Access

Analysis/Design Methodologies: UML, OOAD, Unified Modeling Process.

UI Integration for PHP, JSP, CFM,asp.net and ROR

Expert in using CMS (custom CMS, ektron cms400.net, Cantao, joomal,
Wordpress and Drupal) 

Education

Masters in Computer Management (Dr.D.Y.Patil Institute of Management &
Research), Pune University, 2003(57%)

B.Sc (Major in Computer) Andhra University, Visakhapatnam, 2001(68%)

IT Projects

SemanticSpace Technologies:

Roles and Responsibility: 

Designation:  Team Lead, 

Responsibilities:

i) I am involved in initial phase of the project which includes creating
FRD (UI side), creating LOE suggesting correct approach for UI

ii) I am involved in creating HTML mockup 

iii) I am also involved in creating client side component using
javascript or Jquery

iv)As a UI Lead my responsibility also include identifying correct
resource for particular project

v) I certify the UI look and feel before releasing it for QA (include UI
checklist, Validation etc)

Technologies Working on:

Primary: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Js-Lib (Jquery, YUI, ExtJs, Backbone.js,
Knockout.js)

Secondary: AS2.0, Photoshop, UI integration to JSP and .net pages,
Tumblr framework, ROR

POC created: Responsive web design with server side scripting, RWD for
foxsports video page

Mini project: Foxsports1

Project Name:Foxsports.com

Summary: This is project is all about soccer , Golf and College Games ,
This is ongoing development  process , currently we(offshore team) is
looking after soccer site of fox (  HYPERLINK
"http://www.msn.foxsports.com/foxsoccer" 
www.msn.foxsports.com/foxsoccer )  for English version as well as
Spanish version (www.msn.foxsports.com) , Currently I am working on
Olympics and Eurocup2012.

Roles and responsibility: Creating HTML mockup using html, css, jquery
and javascript

			  Design Pages (creating PSD, jpg)

			  Integrating code to backend

			  Bug fixing of UI side

Project Url: http://msn.foxsports.com/foxsoccer

	         HYPERLINK "http://msn.foxsports.com"  http://msn.foxsports.com


	         HYPERLINK "http://blog.foxsoccer.com" 
http://blog.foxsoccer.com 

Neova Solutions

Project Name: PixyKids

Summary:  PixyKids, a startup based in Southern California, aspires to
become the world's largest interactive online destination where today's
children, ages 4-12, can have fun, learn, and communicate with each
other through creative expression in a safe and personalized
environment. 

Role: 

creating demo using flash

UI creation using flex3.0

UI integration in Drupal CMS

Creating HTML page as prototype and include it in backend

Supervise UI team in UI front 

Supervise developer for UI approach

Adding Jquery component(s)

creating validation framework(OOJS)

used node.js as bridge for api calls

used 3dJs for  custom animation

Dashboar for project Analysis: created dashboard for project analysis,
and project management. This gives overall status for any project it
also helps in resource planning.

Technology used: PHP, Angularjs, Mysql and JS3DCharting

Project Name: Center for the Environment & Campaign for Clean Air:
Customized CMS

Summary: Customization was done to offset the feeds being displayed on
websites, so that the updated initial feed items can be published to
external websites. The partner in this case sought Neova's expertise for
evaluation, complete implementation and customization of features as
specified by its client. 

Role : 

Drupal CMS Integration

Creating Prototype

Client Side Scripting, jquery

Supervising developer for UI approach 	

Project Name: Phoenix Resources Recycling

Summary: Phoenix Resources Recycling (PRR) is a company focused on
providing recycling and shredding services to various local, small and
medium businesses. They provide a wide range of recycling and secure
document destruction services. They required a software application to
automate their business processes - which would consolidate their
database of clients (accounts), services offered by to them, record all
the pickups done at the client location along with generating invoices
and statements to bill their customers.  

Role : Creating Prototype

           UI Integration server side integration

           Implementing Jquery component

Project Name: Budgeting & Planning Solution 

Summary: Dynamic Budgets was developed to be a cost effective, budgeting
solution which can be configured in a matter of hours, rather than weeks
or months. Dynamic Budgets targets organizations which struggle to
contend with volumes of individual Excel templates. Dynamic Budgets
leverages a set of efficient data views to provide direct access to
sub-ledger and transaction level details as necessary without data
warehousing or replicating your core financial information. The product
initially supports Microsoft Dynamics GP (Great Plains) and will soon
expand to support the Microsoft Dynamics AX and NAV platforms.   

Role : Creating Prototype

           UI Integration server side integration

           Implementing Jquery component

Suksh Technology

Project Name: www.100floors.com

Summary: India first map based real estate search for Buy, rent and sell
of property.

Role: UI Integration in php

      SEO optimization

      Implementing GMAP and map Search using google API

      Client side scripting using YUI

      

Developed with PHP,CSS,XHTML,Javascript,YUI,Gmap,Google Api and sol

Project Name: www.100nests.com

Summary: This is extension of 100floors.com here property valuation and
more information 

	   About your locality is added

Role: UI Integration in php

      SEO optimization

      Implementing GMAP and map Search using google API

      Client side scripting using YUI

Developed with JSP,CSS,XHTML,Javascript,YUI,Gmap,Google Api and sql

Internal Projects

--------------------

valuation calculator

This is used to get valuation of a property for last 10 years, If a user
ask for value of home CS-Team uses these calculator to give a estimate
of that house price varies with amenities

Technology Used : JSP, JSON and Flex, Angularjs

Compare chart for Houses

If user wants to compare to houses he can select from list (upto 5) then
click on compare button then it will show the graph of price, amenities,
locality and crime 

Tools used : JSP, JSON and Flex, Angularjs

Apostek India Private Limited, Bangalore (feb-2008-july2008)

I was working for client Quattro wireless, U.S.A on Mobile Site and html
sites for various clients:

Summary: I was responsible for static site development and end-to-end
mobile site 

Development

Developed static site using: XHTML,CSS,RSS,JavaScript

Mobile site using: E4X,CSS,JavaScript,XHTML,RSS-feed

List of Sites

http://www.daytondailynews.com/

http://www.journal-news.com/

http://www.palmbeachdailynews.com/

http://www.rockymounttelegram.com/

http://www.oxfordpress.com/

http://www.lufkindailynews.com/

http://www.gjsentinel.com/

http://www.nba.com/

http://www.wnba.com/

Covansys India, Chennai(August 2007 - Feb-2008)

I was involved in signup process for PayPal Inc

Developed this using: AML, PML, CML, css, JavaScript and YUI

  HYPERLINK "https://www.paypal.com/in" https://www.paypal.com/in 

First Indian Corporation Private Limited (December ‘2005-august'2007)

Job Summary: Manage all phases of graphics user interface design
projects for a wide range Of clients requiring, interactive,
transactional e-commerce, mortgage, corporate websites.  Direct
conceptual, strategic, and tactical creation of robust, integrated GUI
web site    and web application solutions using HTML, DHTML, CSS,
JavaScript and ASP. Manage multiple simultaneous projects, successfully
meeting  timeframe. Drove 2 projects from conceptual stages to delivery
in less than 2 months. Design and optimized original site graphics and
navigational elements that have been formally praised by clients for
accurately reflecting marketing message while clearly and logically
guiding site users.

Project URL(s):

http://www.firstam.com

http://www.fand.fisrtam.com

http://www.eaglediversity.com

http://www.homeownership.com

http://www.firstindiancorp.com

  HYPERLINK "http://www.residential.firstam.com/"
http://www.residential.firstam.com 

CMS Used: Ektron CMS 400.net

Internal Projects

--------------------

Mortgage Calculator:

Description: This internal project helps CST to calculate emi for a
house. for 5 to 20 years.

Technology Used : Json, Flex and JSP

Project Dashboard

Description: This helps top management to get an overview for project
status, Flex charting is used to create dashboard for different projects
project manager can update the status of project in jsp pages (how much
% complete) then xml is created from those xml dashboard is created
which can be viewed by delivery manager and top management.

Technology used: XML,JSP and flex

IndiaInfo.com (September ‘2003-December ‘2005)

Summary: Developing sites using HTML, DHTML, CSS, Java Script, PHP, ASP
and Flash

List of Sites

http://www.floranceflora.com/flash.htm

http://www.hudsonimpex.com/

http://www.greatfurniture.com/

http://www.encarnacionlaw.com/

http://www.kingstoninfosolution.com/

http:// www.ieei.com

http:// www.venturesouth.com

http://www.venturesouth.com/home.html

http://www.globalringer.com/

http://www.icenetworks.com/

http:// www.epactindia.com

http:// www.in.com

http:// www.spms.com

http://www.orogol.com/

http://www.skinremodel.com/

http://www.9to9officesuppliers.com/

http://www.telecommsbay.com/

http://www.basuchatterji.com/

http://www.oraclesingh.com/

http://www.travelsitefinder.com/

http://www.click.in/

¥

