      (: (+91) – 9980375000                      

	                 	  HYPERLINK "mailto:ravishankar.gorthi@gmail.com" 
ravishankar.gorthi@gmail.com 

   HYPERLINK "http://in.linkedin.com/in/ravishankargorthi/" \o "View
public profile"  in.linkedin.com/in/ravishankargorthi/ 		     HYPERLINK
"https://github.com/ravishankar214"  Github.com/ravishankar214   

Ravi Shankar. Gorthi

Professional Summary:

	Technologist having 10 years of total IT experience with proficiency in
streamlining from inception design, development and deployment of
desktop, enterprise and web based cutting-edge solutions using Java SE 
JEE technology stack with a strong forte in Storage, E-Commerce and
Investment Banking domain knowledge

(Certifications:

Sun Certified Programmer for Java platform (SCJP)

Sun Certified Web Component Developer (SCWCD)

Brain Bench Certified developer in Java - EJB 3.0 

Certification in MongoDB for Java and Node.js developers

NSE Certification in Equity Markets (NCFM - Capital Markets)

Noteworthy Attainment:

Expertise in developing applications with core Java and J2EE technology
stack 

Hands on programming experience in end-to-end implementations of the
product features

Awarded several E-Awards for outstanding performance in HP and
Spotlights in Intuit

Received Business Award for submitting a new idea? in Ideafest session
held at HP

Achieved Intuit Innovation award for Payments Notification System in
reducing call volumes

In-depth knowledge on Algorithms, Data Structures, OOPS, SOLID and OOAD
concepts

Good understanding and implementation of Agile methodologies and Design
patterns 

Ability to work independently, grasp new ideas and integrate them into
desired results

Possess result-oriented problem solving skills and commitment to team
environment dynamics

Strive to understand needs behind the customer’s requests and explore
alternatives

Active participant in Tech talks, Meetups, JUDCON and hackathons 

Traveled on-site for client interaction to Dallas, USA and holding valid
B1 visa 

Technical Competencies:

Technologies & Frameworks	: Java SE, Java EE, Hibernate, Struts, Python

Spring 				: Core, AOP, Testing, SpEL, Data access, MVC, Batch, web
services

Web services			: SOAP, REST, JSON, CXF, Axis, Jersey, SOAP UI, Postman

UI & JavaScript			: HTML, CSS, Ajax, Backbone.js, Angular JS, jQuery,
JqGrid, Node.js

Servers				: WebLogic, JBoss, Glassfish, Tomcat, Websphere

Database			: SQL Server, MySQL, MongoDB, TOAD, Oracle and PL/SQL

Tools				: Eclipse, Visio, Caliber, Clearcase, svn, Perforce, Log4j

Others                                     	: UML, JUnit, Spock,
Jenkins, Sonar, Maven, XML, StAX, ActiveMQ 

Experimented                              : BPM tools, Mule ESB, Hadoop,
MapReduce, Groovy, Cloud Computing

Agile				: Scrum, XP, TDD, Kunagi, Kanban, JIRA Agile (Greenhopper)

Career Chronology:   	

Duration	Role	Location

        Oct13  –  Date	Technical Lead	  HYPERLINK
"http://metricstream.com/"  MetricStream , Bangalore

Nov 11 – Sep 13	Senior Software Engineer	  HYPERLINK
"http://www.intuit.com"  Intuit,  Bangalore

 Jan 10  – Nov 11	Systems Software Engineer	  HYPERLINK
"http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/jpmorgan"  J.P. Morgan , Bangalore

Sept 08 – Dec 09	Software Analyst Developer	  HYPERLINK
"http://www2.goldmansachs.com/"  Goldman Sachs , Bangalore

 July 06  – Aug 08	Systems Software Engineer	  HYPERLINK
"http://www.hp.com/"  Hewlett-Packard , Bangalore

 Sep 04  – June 06	Software Engineer	  HYPERLINK
"http://www.inforide.com/"  Inforide Technologies , Hyderabad 

Professional Experience:

AppStudio 						                                                        
    Oct 2013 – Date  

Project Description:

MetricStream AppStudio is a suite of tools, frameworks, best-practices
and design methods to enable rapid design, development & sustenance of
highly configurable Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Applications
on MetricStream Platform. AppStudio enables Rapid Application
Development (RAD) on MetricStream platform by assembling high-level
building blocks and re-usable code libraries. Application development
based on AppStudio suite of tools ensures adherence to standards, higher
quality and faster time to market. AppStudio is the interface for
customer's business IT to easily configure and extend the core
functionality provided by MetricStream platform and applications. Also
AppStudio is the key enabler for MetricStream partners and vendors to
build and deliver GRC applications on MetricStream platform.

Responsibilities:

Analyse and translate business requirements into technical
specifications

Implementing all phases of SDLC processes for the owned modules of the
application

Lead the design and development of several business critical features
(ASCI, Data download…)

Involved in technical, code, DB scripts and test case reviews and
suggesting as applicable 

Manage the Technical Support team for problem solving, patch releases,
upgrade and compatibility

Release management of the product with proper planning, risk mitigation
and delivery with-in SLAs

Defines and ensures database, application scalability and performance
tuning across systems

As Scrum Master, creating product backlogs and sprint backlogs and
backlog prioritization.

Managing recruitment, training of personnel as well as organising,
planning, and staffing operations.

Generate and share all the required reports and metrics of the product
to PMO team

Technologies and Tools:

Java/J2EE, Angular JS, jQuery, Hibernate, spring, web services,
ActiveMQ, Oracle, svn, Tomcat

Intuit- OASIS						                                                    
Nov 2011 – Sep 2013  

Project Description:

Oasis is an Intuit propriety application, which is used by Payment’s
agents to manage customer's information such as Customer Care,
Chargeback, Collection, Risk, etc. Oasis will deliver a set of tools and
applications that enable business process improvements. A key
deliverable will be to automate information flow to all appropriate
internal and external systems. Oasis will provide self-service
capability that allows Core Process 3 (CP3) employees (responsible for
delivering product and service fulfillment to merchants) to make changes
to appropriate configuration without IT intervention – (e.g. user
security, roles & permission, merchant preferences). This system will
hide underlying complexity and provide a reliable, scalable and
easy-to-use solution that increases CP3 employee efficiency and
effectiveness. 

Responsibilities:

Converting Business requirements in to functional/technical
specifications

Responsible for write well designed, testable, efficient code in
compliance with specification

Implementation of Chargeback & Retrieval functionality from JSF to
Spring MVC in UI

Hands on coding various functionalities of Account Management and Case
management 

Involved in technical, code, DB scripts and test case reviews and
suggesting as applicable 

Specifically worked on Chargeback and Retrievals business
functionalities with SWIFT, PCI standard

Interactions with customers in identifying pain points, ease of use for
the fixtures

Documenting the functional and code flows in various aspects related to
the product

Actively contributed for several POCs in unstructured time 

Deftly handled the Merchant workflow errors end-to-end in identify,
analysis, fix and release phases

Being in Agile team: user story, effort, velocity, complexity,
dependency and resource estimates

Technologies and Tools:

Java/J2EE, JavaScript, jQuery, Hibernate, JSF, spring, web services,
ActiveMQ, Oracle, Perforce, Websphere

JPMorgan- DAC - ADJUSTMENTS						            Mar 2010 – Nov 2011 

The Adjustments Tool was created to better control the quality of data
being reported by down stream consumers. This is accomplished by
creating a single point of entry for making adjustments, a standardized
approval process before adjustments are processed and a robust audit
trail. The Adjustment Tool is also designed to allow a person making an
adjustment to retrieve and perform adjustments in a faster, more
controlled and efficient manner. Corporate Regulatory Policy & Reporting
is responsible for ensuring that the firm's risk rating systems and
processes satisfy both Basel II and internal requirements for soundness
and accuracy.  Per risk policy, the group's functions are supported by
activities performed by Quantitative Research, Credit Policy, Credit
Review, Model Review Group, Equities and Technology

Responsibilities:

Consistently deliver high-quality code and design components as per
schedule, spec and requirements 

Analyse and recommend best practices in database design, performance,
security and scalability

Develop code which is robust, scalable and maintainable that is
consistent with IB Tech arch principles

Involved in End-to-End implementation and maintenance of the application

Defines and ensures database performance tuning across systems

Estimate task timelines as well as create and maintain appropriate
documentation & metrics 

Technologies and Tools:

Java/J2EE, Javascript, Hibernate, Struts, spring, Eclipse, Oracle, Toad,
Weblogic, Tortoise SVN

Goldman Sachs- BTS Solutions (portal.btssolutions.com)				Sep 2008 –
Nov 2009 

Project is for Goldman Sachs’s REPIA (Real Estate Principal Investment
Area) line of business under which it has a considerable amount of
investment into Hotels across US and Europe. User had wanted some way by
which they can retrieve and update/publish forecast data related to
earning and different type of expenses on monthly basis. User can also
collate and agree upon forecast/budget metrics for various expense and
earnings.

Apart from this REPIA group has 29 web applications (LMS, Loan Star,
RMS, Contact, Disposition, Partials, Rules Manager, Reports, QSR etc.)
used for different line of business for which enhancement/defect work
requested by user frequently comes to off-shore team. Individuals are
expected to quickly learn about those application and design and develop
solution for them.

	AICE Application: The fund accounting capital and financial statements
package application packages and ftp investor capital and financial
statements to Goldman Sachs. It allows the user to select certain
details about the statements being packaged and then validates that
information prior to packaging and ftps the files to Goldman Sachs
servers 

Responsibilities:

Analyse and translate business requirements into technical
specifications

Implementing all phases of SDLC processes for the owned modules of the
application

Coding from scratch for all the features following the standards and
involving code/peer reviews

Analyse and recommend known best practices in database design,
performance, security and scalability

Fully owning the entire AICE application for the end to end design,
implementation phases

Technologies and Tools:

Java/J2EE, Hibernate, Struts, Jboss, Eclipse, Oracle, TOAD, Jira, VSS,
Windows

HP Replication Solutions Manager   	                                    
                                         July 2006 – Aug 2008 

Responsibilities:

Involved in collecting, analysis and design of the requirements using
CaliberRM

Implementing all phases of SDLC processes for the owned Replication
Server and JobEngine modules

Recommend and implement the new features and fixing the bugs

Coding new APIs for the hostagent interface and validation classes  

Skilled in preparing comprehensive unit test cases and documenting them

Developed “Proof of concept” product and made presentation to
management about the Idea

Publishing the defect count metrics and smoke testing the new builds and
releasing them to partners

Actively participating in customer engagement programs and organization
wide activities

Involved in code/peer reviews, SCRUM sort of agile programming
methodologies 

Technologies and Tools:

Java/J2EE, JBuilder, JBOSS, Solid, Quix, Clearcase,
Caliber-requirements, Doast-automation & Windows                        
                                                                        
     

Inforide - Enterprise Application Portal (Technozant, USA)			           
Sep 2004 -- June 2006                  

Responsibilities:

Based on MVC2 architecture web pages flow designing, Coding, functional
testing and Integrating

Developed role based authentication design and action forms

Involved in Database designing issues and Implemented the pooling and
procedures concepts 

Involved in coding of JSP pages.

Actively contributed in implementing Servlets classes.

Involved in Database connections setup.

Technologies and Tools:

Java, Servlets, Jsps, Beans, XML, Edit plus, Oracle 9i, WebLogic 8.1,
Windows XP

Academic Credentials:                     

Course	University	Year of passing

MS (Software Systems)	BITS, Pilani	2010

		M.C.A	Osmania	2004

B.Sc. (Comp-Sc)	Osmania	2001

Inter (M.P.C)	Inter Board	1998

S.S.C	S.S.C	1996



Interests:

	Algorithmic trading strategies and techniques 

	Chargeback and retrievals in online payment systems

	Application scaling and performance optimization techniques

Declaration:              

	I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the
best of my knowledge and look forward to a long and mutually beneficial
association

     Date:

     Place: Bangalore		

  	                    		(RAVI SHANKAR. GORTHI) 

EMPNO: 118984                                         0 page  8 

   PAGE  2 

