Resume

Sudheer Kumar.K	                                                        
Mail saisudheer2016@gmail.com

                                                                        
                    Mobile: +91-8332065109

Professional Summary:   

Over 3+ years of Experience in Information Technology Industry with
Client-Server Based Applications in Java & J2EE technologies.

Strong emphasis and in-depth knowledge of JDBC, Servlets, JSP. 

Strong knowledge on Object Oriented Programming.

Good exposure on Apache Struts Framework and MVC architecture.

Good experience in developing DAO, VO, DTO, Singleton design pattern
classes. 

Hands on experience Struts, Hibernate and Spring Framework.

Having experience in developing all design pattern classes.

Having experience in using JSTL tag libraries. 

Efficiency in using different kinds of servers like Tomcat, Web Logic,
JBOSS.

Working Experience on Eclipse and MyEclipse.

Flexible, able to work effectively in a team environment or as an
individual Contributor.

Easy learning and flexible to work on different kinds of APIâ€™s and
Technologies.

Excellent analytical, communication and mentoring skills prove an asset
to Organization.

Versatile Team Player with Good Communications and Problem Solving
Skills.

Experience in development and support.

Work Experience:.

Worked as a Java Developer in Birlasoft india pvt ltd from Feb 2011 to
Till date.

Educational Qualification:

  Bachelor of Degree from Osmania University.

Technical skills:

     Languages		: Java and JEE (Servlets, JSP) Technologies

     Web Technologies	: Html,  JavaScript.

     RDBMS	: Oracle, MySQL

      Database Connectivity	         : JDBC and Hibernate

     Frameworks	: Struts, Spring.

     IDEs	: Eclipse, My Eclipse.

     Application Server	: Weblogic Server 

     Web Server		: Tomcat, JBOSS.

     Operating Systems		: Windows XP/07.

PROJECTS DETAILS:

Project #1:

Project Name        	:	V-Store				

Team Size		:	8

Environment		:	Struts, Hibernate, Servlets, JSP, Tomcat and Oracle

Role			:	Java Developer

Duration                      :           May 2012 to till now

Description: 

V-Store is a Tanzania based Company which import goods from U.S and
distributes the items under various categories like Laptops, E-Commerce,
Tool Kits, Electrical Accessories, DIY Tools, Satellite Cable
accessories and Leather Goods. Through this site, the client can take
orders against various products from the buyers in quick time.

Store is a web base application, which maintains the information of the
customer by registering in this site. The customer can contact the
operator by mail or by phone. Customer can order the products by posting
the URL, documents to oracle database, and delivery is provided to the
residence.

Roles & Responsibilities:

The application was designed on Struts  Framework with Hibernate to make
use of its MVC pattern.

Used design patterns like MVC, DAO, DTO, Template Design Pattern and
Singleton Pattern.

Involved in Developing User module, which includes User registration,
viewing and updating User profile. 

Involved in coding to implement search functionality

Done validations using JavaScript.       

Project#2:

Title         		:	Deals

Environment		:	Spring, Hibernate, Servlets, JSP, Tomcat and Oracle.

Duration		:           Feb 2011 to May2012.

Description:   

	This Project is developed for the insurance company, Farmers Insurance
Group. This project contains agent module, Customer module and insurer
module. Agent module contains registration, mailing services, insurer
details, agent process and claiming process. In customer module we have
registration, search criteria for best-fit Insurance, payment details
and documentation details and insurer module contains administrative
services and reports. Using this customer can choose the policy and he
will file the documents through agent to the insurer.

Responsibilities:

The application was designed on Spring  Framework with Hibernate to make
use of its MVC pattern

Used design patterns like MVC, DAO, DTO, Template Design Pattern and
Singleton Pattern

Involved in Developing User module, which includes User registration,
viewing and updating User profile. 

Involved in coding to implement search functionality.

Done Server-side validations using Spring.

                                                                        
                                          K Sudheer Kumar

