From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2 year 

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â - 2 Years

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  1 yearsÂ Â &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  4.5 yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â  singleton

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Maven/AntÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Tomcat/jboss/eclipse

8.6/10/45days

DB:oracle

Monday ready

RAJESH REDDY.S.                                                         
                                                     HYPERLINK
"mailto:s.rajesh1230@gmail.com" s.rajesh1230@gmail.com                  
                                                   9959595145,
9966116500

													

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

                      

4 yrs of experience in developing java based projects by using my
technical knowledge.

Currently in the role of Software Developer by following agile
methodology in the current project.

Responsible for the designing of the static and dynamic web pages and
navigations for the projects done on the platforms of wicket, spring
JDBC, struts and JSP.

Developed the Action classes, respective Services and DAOâ€™s for the
functionality to run according to the requirements.

Designed, accessed and maintained the Data Base with suitable SQL
queries with MySql and Oracle in backend.

                                                      

PROFESSIONAL CHRONICLE

April, 2014 â€“ Till Date             Modeln N India Pvt., Ltd

June, 2012 â€“ March, 2014     Prokarma Softech Pvt., Ltd, Hyderabad

May, 2011- June, 2012	       Mahaveer Info Way Ltd., Begumpet,
Hyderabad.

EDUCATION

M-TECH	        :  SE from Sree Kavitha Engineering College affliated to
JNTU,HYDERABAD, in 

2009-11 batch , with an aggregate of   79.7% .                          
    

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Programming Languages: Java (core & advanced), Wicket 1.4.17.

Frameworks: Struts2.0 &1.2, Spring JDBC, Dozer bean mapper, Mockito. 

Databases: MySQL 5.0, Oracle 10g.

Packages: Microsoft office

Operating Systems:  Windows XP

PROJECT DETAILS

April 2014 â€“ Till Date

Hi-Tech Revenue Management System

Description

	This is a 15 yr old product being enhanced in regular intervals with
different versions. This deals with problems of revenue leakage in
companies like J&J, HP, CTC, ST Micro, NXP etc., This product handles
discount prices on some limited quantity of product for certain period
were properly validated or not. If not, how to overcome those losses and
maintain company revenue in profit.

 Technologies Used : Java, Oracle

Frameworks Used : HiTech Framework(Specially designed for this product)

Responsibilities : 

Evaluating existing customer problems and providing alternative
solutions if possible.

Running the functionality through the respected java classes.

Resolving defects raised by QA by proper analysis and specifications.

July 2013 â€“ March 2014

Discipline Document Management

Client: UPRR(Union Pacific Rail Road), USA

Description

	This project deals about the employee discipline, regulations,
terminations, resignations and maintenance of their behavior throughout
their employment in organization. The project is mainly categorized into
3 major modules namely Administrators, Delegators and co-ordinators.
Depending upon the roles assigned, an employee of that organization will
have privilege to act accordingly.

 Technologies Used : Wicket 1.4.17, Java, Oracle

Frameworks Used : Wickola 2.4, Dozer bean mapper, Spring JDBC 3.0,
Oracle 10g, 				Hibernate 3.6, Activity Workflow.

Responsibilities : 

Designing the UI

Running the functionality through the respected java classes and wicket
scripting .

Writing service logic and DAO classes along with respective queries.

Writing XMF webservices to connect to other application services for
information required. 

June 2012 â€“ July 2013                                                 
                                                                        
     PowerLaw

Client: UPRR (Union Pacific Rail Road), USA

Description 

This project deals about Insurance Claiming and Judicial Investigation
Process. In this project user can save the information of a Claim and
track its progress, can search for the desired Claims, can view the
details of the Payments or Settlements made for that claim etc.

Technologies Used : Wicket 1.4.17, Java, Oracle

Frameworks Used : Wickola 2.4, Dozer bean mapper, Spring JDBC 3.0,
Oracle 10g  

Responsibilities : 

Designing the UI

Running the functionality through the respected java classes and wicket
scripting .

Writing service logic and DAO classes along with respective queries.

Dec 2011 â€“ May 2012                                                   
                                                                        
               PaniSMS                                                  
                                                                        
         Client: PGC InfoTech pvt., Ltd.

Description

 The objective of the project is to build up the gap between the
employers(Eg:-construction companies, Factories, Industries etc.,) and
employees(Eg:-Coolies, Electricians,Plumbers etc.,) who work for the
daily wages in different sectors .  It has to maintain the complete
details of paid employers, free employers and registered job seekers.
Depending upon the requirements of employers, every day morning at
7.30AM a message or voice mail has to be delivered to the respective
jobseekers mobile depending on his locality.

Technologies Used 	: Flex, jsp's, servlets, collections, MySql.

Frameworks Used : Flex, Struts, Hibernate. 

Responsibilities	: 

Designing the Flex pages

Running the functionality through the action classes, services, DAOâ€™s
and suitable SQL queries.

Creating the reports of  tele callers, job seekers and employers and
exporting them into en excel sheets.

May 2011 â€“ Dec 2011                                                   
                                                       Noodle.com       
                                                                        
                          Client: Noodle Insurane Group, USA        

Description 

 It is an insurance organization for the owners of any commercial
buildings and flats. The owners insure with monthly investments in the
organization to secure themselves from the sudden tenant fall out of the
building, before the completion of the bond period. In those cases this
insurance group will repay the amount to owners that have to be paid by
the tenants till the bond period. We automated this process with a site
with complete calculations required for the noodle group.

Technologies Used 	: Struts, Ajax, JSON, Java Script, MySql

Responsibilities	:

Designed the web pages and created the functionality for them with
proper java classes like actions, DAOâ€™s and services.

Designed the database with the required tables and connectivityâ€™s in
between them.

Responsible for making the Ajax calls.

Declaration:

	I hereby declare that the above mentioned details /particulars are true
to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place:

Date :									(S.RAJESH REDDY)

.

