HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2
yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â - 2
YearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  8
monthsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2.9year 

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â  
Maven 

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.] 

eclipse,sonar

Code : 70%

Ready to work for startup

Hema.B                                                              
E-Mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:hemamalleswari.battu@gmail.com" 
hemamalleswari.battu@gmail.com 

                                                                        
                      Mobile No:+918106223792

Objective:

Looking forward for an opportunity in a challenging environment, where I
can utilize my experience and skills in contributing effectively to the
success of the organization and also for the improvement of my personal
skills.

Professional Summary:

      Working as a Â Software Developer in Arkin Software Technologies.

2.9  years of Experience in developing Web based, Client/Server
Applications using Java and J2EE Technologies.

Proficient in developing Web-based applications using Servlets,JSP,
Strusts, Spring Framework(Core), Hibernate.

Experience in implementing Hibernate ORM tool.

Knowledge on RESTful based web services.

Excellent working knowledge in Tomcat server, Oracle10g, Apache HTTP
server and Eclipse.

Absolutely capable of working in a fast paced, dynamic, team-oriented
environment.

Strong ability to learn, absorb and use new technologies quickly.

Technical Skills:                                                       
                                                                        
                 

Programming Languages		:  	JAVA 1.7

J2EE Technologies			:  	JDBC,Servlets, JSP. 

Web technologies			:  	HTML, JavaScript

Web Services				:	Restful based webservices

Data base				:  	Oracle10g. 

Frameworks				:  	Struts, Spring Core                                   
                                                                 

ORM Tools                              		:  	Hibernate.

Web/Application Servers		: 	Tomcat & Jboss.

IDE Tools			:  	Eclipse,MyEclipse.

Configuration Management		: 	Tortoise SVN

Defect tracking Tool			: 	Mantis

Professional Experience:

Working as a Software engineer in Arkin Software Technologies, Hyderabad
from 20th December 2011 to till date.

Education Qualification:

Master of Computer Applications from Andhra University, Visakapatnam
(2007-2010) with an aggregate of 70%.

Bachelor Science from Andhra University with an aggregate of 72%.

Intermediate from Board of Intermediate with an aggregate 84%.

S.S.C from Board of Secondary Education with an aggregate 70%.

Projects Profiles: 

Project 1: 

Project Name	Cevaldom

Client From	Peru

Team Size	8

Environment		Java,Servlets,Spring Framework,Hibernate,Eclipse,SVN,
JBoss,Maven,Oracle

	

Description:

	This  is a depository services related project. Its main function is to
holding securities either in certificated or uncertificated
(dematerialized) form, to enable book entry transfer of securities. This
project contains approximately 12 modules. Security Module is the Entry
point for accessing of anyother module in the application. They are
maintaining a central repository. In this repository main actors are
Holders and Issuers. Here Issuer issues the securities and Holder can
holds them. Who wants to buy or sell the shares from the repository they
need to be first registered in the form of a bond. This bond is taken
from the brokers in the repository.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Involved in implementing some modules from end to end in the
Depository(such as GeneralParameters, Coroporative Events, Funds
Modules).

Involved in writing the validations of the modules in the application.

Involved in designing the Screens using Prime Faces.

Implemented the business logic using EJBâ€™s. 

Project 2:

Project Name	Cadrage

Client Name	Renault, France.

Team Size	4

Environment		Java,javascript, CSS, JSON, Struts, Hibernate,

Oracle 10g, Maven, Eclipse, SVN, JBOSS.



Description:	        	

	This is an intranet and automobile application. This application has
two modules security and cadrage module. The security module is used to
authorize, authentication, audit and trace the application and also used
to provide the access to the user on the screen components. The is the
information gathering commercial capability of Renault short-term
system. This is used to maintain the dealers and orders of their
vehicles and daily consumed details. For information, Pronos provide
processing time at the request of manufacturing a vehicle is designed
to.

Project 3:

Project Name	Sunat

Client Name	Sunat, Peru

Team Size	2

Environment		Java, javascript, CSS, AngularJs,Web Services,Spring,Oracle
10g,Eclipse, SVN, JBOSS.



Description:	        	

	This is a internal Company project. One of our company client is from
Peru given to us. It is a migration project. The code which was
developed in JGoodies and flex, Spring. We converted it into the
AngularJS using web services. Only we worked on front tier. We didnâ€™t
touch any code related to backened. We have written web services(JSON)
to connect to the business tier and display the data into front-end(Html
pages).

Roles and Responsibilities:

Involved in Writing the Presentation logic in view layer. 

Involved in coding and Functional unit testing

Involved in Code review and bug fixing.

Personal Information:

Name                 		: HemaMalleswari. Battu

Fathers Name             	: Suryanarayana

Date of Birth                	: 05-08-1987	

Sex                              	:  Female

Nationality        	             	:  Indian

Languages Known         	:  English, Hindi and Telugu.

Present Location            	:  Hyderabad, Andhrapradesh.

Declaration:

Hereby, I declare that the above information furnished by me is true to
the best of my knowledge and belief. I assure you that if I am given an
opportunity I will execute my work to the fullest satisfaction of my
superiors.           																				B.H.D.Malleswari

								            	 Signature.                          		

