Nagaraju

E-mail: raju.koppu@gmail.com 

Mobile: +91 9849138080



From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â -Â  4
yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â -  4 YearsÂ Â Â Â &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web ServicesÂ  -  4
years&currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â  

CoreJavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  7
yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â 2 YearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  4 Years

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
maven

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Apache Tomcat , eclipse/junit

Worked on reflection

DB â€“ sql

Profile Summary: 

Java/J2EE professional with around 8 years of work experience

Experienced in Product development

Expertise in developing applications of various sizes

Expertise in improving application performance

Good knowledge in improving application security

Worked on project management

Good knowledge on software development processes like RUP, SDLC, Agile
and Scrum.

Worked in Clinical-Research, Telecommunications and Logistics domains

Technology:

Below are the technology stack worked on:

Category	Products

Platforms	Windows XP, Linux and HP-UX

Languages	Java/ J2EE

Software API	Angular JS, Servlet, JSP, JSTL,Struts1.2, Springs and
Hibernate

Apache Wicket, AJAX, JQuery, Node JS , XML, XSD, XSL and Web Sphere MQ

Scripting	Java Script and Unix Shell Script

Servers	Apache Tomcat, JBoss

Web Logic

Database	Oracle 10g

SQL Server

Tools	CVS, SVN, Eclipse, TOAD, SSH Client, SOAP UI, MQ Explorer

JProfiler and PL/SQL Developer



Qualifications:

Degree and Date	Institute	Major and Specialization	Percentage

Master of Computer Applications

2004-2007	Mother Teresa PG College, Hyderabad, AP.	Computer Sciences
75.4%

Bachelor of Science 

2001-2004	SV Degree College, Kodad, AP.	Computer Sciences and
Electronics	74.2%

Intermediate

1999-2001	Viswa Bharathi Junior College, Jaggayyapet, AP.	Maths, Physics
and Chemistry	85.0%

SSC

1999	Vikas Public School, Jaggayyapet, AP.	Maths, Science	72%	

Career Profile:

Date Since	Organization	Role

NOV-2012	Prokarma Softech Pvt Ltd	Technical Lead

JUNE-2010	IBM India Pvt Ltd	Senior Application Developer

DEC-2009	Reliance Technology Services	Software Engineer

MAY-2007	CRR Technologies	Associate Software Engineer



Training and Certifications Summary:

Program or Course	Coverage	Acquired On

UBIKA	Team Management	SEP-2013

OCWCD	Servlets, JSP, JSTL and Security configurations	FEB-2012

OCJP	Core Java Concepts	NOV-2011



Personal Details:

Date of Birth	25-08-1984

Nationality	Indian

Passport	Yes



Assignments:

The details of the various assignments that I have handled are listed
here, in chronological order.

Product	Intermodal Terminal Operating System

Period	Nov-2012 to till date

Description	Every terminal location of rail roads needs a system to
plan, load and unload containers from/to railcars. ITOS mainly focussed
on optimised planning with minimal cost by using effective algorithms.

ITOS also process in-gating and out-gating of trucks and facilitates
automatic parking and waybill. ITOS system will replace the existing
system OASIS/Vantage, several TCS functions and integrated with
handheld, vehicle mounted devices, and Automated Gating System (AGS).



Role	Technical Lead

Solution Environment	Windows-XP, Linux

Oracle 10g

JDK 1.5, Springs, Apache Wicket, JQuery, Node JS, JMS, Angular JS, JAXB,
XSLT, Maven and TIBCO EMS

Tools	Eclipse 3.4, PL/SQL Developer, Putty, Jenkins

Highlights	Involved in gap analysis with clients and architects

Effectively participating in design decisions

Developing and configuring Web services.

SPOC for System integration testing.

Participated in developing application security and session management.

Managing team members and their tasks

Managing Monthly Sprint Planning with Onsite and Offshore Teams 

Created simulators for unavailable systems for aggressive development

Performing Code Review and executing Test Suits





Project	System of Distributed Inventory

Client	Telefonica Spain

Period	June-2010 to Oct-2012

Description	Telefonica is one of the leading Telecom company in Spain.
This project is a huge system with number of sub systems. 

      This is a web based application (Intranet only) which provides
information about network service affected areas, telecommunication
equipment information etc...

Role	Senior Application Developer and acting as Application Lead

Solution Environment	Windows-XP, HP-UX

Oracle 9i

JDK1.4, JDK 1.5,TID, Web Sphere MQ, XSLT, Java Script, AJAX, Web
Services and  Servlets

Tools	Eclipse 3.4, DB Visualizer, SSH Secure Client, MQ Explorer, SOAP
UI

Highlights	SPOC of application

Modified project structure to ensure flexible deployment

Configured Build Server (HUDSON) 

Created Jobs to automate backend processes

Effectively gathering requirements

Delivering builds with minimal impact on other systems





Product	Corporate Customer Functionality

Period	Dec-2009 to May-2010

Description	Reliance Technology Services designed CORPORATE CUSTOMER
FUNCTIONALITY (CCF) for facilitating corporate companies to use RCOM
products efficiently. Corporate companies acquire wire line and wireless
products for their internal use. Here is a need for maintaining all
products information and billing.

Role	Developer

Solution Environment	Windows-XP

Oracle 9i/10g

JDK 1.5, Struts, JSP, Servlet, Springs, Hibernate

Tools	Eclipse 3.4 (for Java development)

Toad 7.6

Highlights	Involved in developing validation framework.

Developed and modified many PL/SQL procedures and triggers.

Preparing the unit test cases.

Single point of contact for System integration testing.

Single point of contact for User acceptance testing.





Product	Clinical Protocol Management System	

Period	May-2007 to Nov-2009

Description	C-Protocol Management System is a total web based solution
that automates the research approval processes. It is used for
electronic protocol submission, protocol routing / reviewing / tracking
that would enable investigators, IRB members, and research
administrators to process protocol applications online.....

Role	Developer

Solution Environment	Windows-XP

Oracle 9i, SQL Server

Java, Struts 1.2, Servlets, JSP, AJAX, Xml, Hibernate, Java Excel Api,
Quartz Api,     Castor Api, Java Mail Api, Drools, LDAP, Jasper Reports,
iText and XSL-FO.

Tools	CVS (for source code control)

Eclipse 3.4 (for Java development)

TOAD

Highlights	Developed tool to convert English locale to Chinese.

Providing security to the product (Cross site scripting, tampering
requests etcâ€¦..).





I hereby declare that all the information furnished here is true to the
best of my knowledge.

									(Nagaraju Koppu)

		         

Page   PAGE  1  of   NUMPAGES \*Arabic  5 

