From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 
noÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â -  2.5
year&
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  -  Â Â Â 6
monthsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â   2.7years

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â   Â  

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Maven 

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Weblogic/eclipse/sonar

DB:oracle

VENKATA SIVA RAM KUMAR MYLAVARAPU

Phone: +91 8985107175 (Mobile)				                                  
E-mail:  HYPERLINK "mailto:msiva35@gmail.com" msiva35@gmail.com 

________________________________________________________________________
_________Objective

Looking for a position in a company where my experience will be utilized
in robust software product development.

_______________________________________________________________________P
rofessional Summary 

2.6 years experience in software development including analysis, design,
and implementation. 

1.5 years experience on developing single page web application using
AngularJS at front end.

Experience in developing applications using   HYPERLINK
"http://wicket.apache.org/" wicket  (UI), Oracle database, Spring
framework. 

Experience in using testing tools like JUnit, Mockito, JMockit, Power
Mock & DBUnit for Java. 

Good experience in JAVA/J2EE design patterns like Singleton, Factory,
DAO. 

Good knowledge in implementing the Web Applications using Web Frameworks
like Wicket.

UI layer development using technologies like AngularJS, Javascript and
HTML5.

Expertise in using Logging tools like Commons Logging and Log4j.

Experience in using ORM tools like Hibernate.

Experience in using various scripting tools like Ricola (Client
specific, flavor of Jquery).

Experience in using build tools Maven.

Having good knowledge on Change Management System tools(Client Specific
CMWizard)

Having good knowledge in using CI tools such as Jenkins.

Having good knowledge on applying code quality tools like Checkstyles,
PMD and Findbugs.

Had good experience in using Sonar (Automated code review tool).

Had good experience in tools like Eclipse, PL SQL Developer and SVN.

Had good experience in using Version control systems such as SVN
(Subversion).

Created Functional Specification document, technical design document and
code documentation done for future references.

Employment

Currently working as Software Engineer for Prokarma softech Pvt Ltd,
Hyderabad 

Since Juneâ€™ 2012 to till date.

Areas of Proficiency

Operating Systems	Windows XP /Win 7

RDBMS		Oracle

IDE Tools	Eclipse, Edit plus

Internet Technologies	HTML5, CSS, XML, JavaScript, Jquery, AngularJS

Languages	C, C++, JAVA (J2EE), SQL 

Web and App Servers	Weblogic, Apache-Tomcat 

ORM Tools 	Hibernate

Frameworks	Apache wicket, Spring

Testing Tools	JUnit, Mokito, Power Mock, JMockit, Fluent Assertions API

Build tools	Maven and Ant



_________________________________________________________Professional
Experience 

Crew Resource Planning  ( CRP )



Client	Union Pacific (Rail Road), USA.   HYPERLINK "http://www.up.com/"
www.up.com 

Role	Developer

Environment	Java/J2EE, Wicket, Spring (core, JDBC/Data), Oracle, Maven,
XMFServices, Jboss EWS, Jaxb, Jquery.

Project Description:

CRP - Crew Resource Planner. This project is intended for Managers
(mostly BAs), to reduce the cost and effective utilization of crew
resources. It has 5 modules in it.

1) CTF (Call Time Forecasting)

2) Guarantee Management.

3) DHHA (Dead Head - Held Away)

4) CSP (Crew Slot Plan)

5) Taxi.

CTF is to forecast the train times (Estimated, Actual and Forecast)
using past history of the train times and gives the statistics which in
turn displayed in UI as a chart, comparing the actuals with the forecast
times (produced by the system).

Guarantee Management is to calculate the efficiency of the crew using
the data (can be called as input to our system, which is produced by an
external system) and determine the possibility of employee willingness
at particular moment.

CSP is to determine Slot time of the crew, which is the 4 hours windows
in which they could be called for work. This decision making is again
basing upon historical data and different activities that Crew/Train
undergoes.

And remaining module yet to start.

Responsibilities: 	

Involved in developing web pages using wicket and using AngularJs as per
client requirements.

Involved in implementing Spring JDBC DAO layer.

Participated in Sprint planning.

Attended daily scrum calls.

Implemented prototypes for the web pages as an initial design.

Designed and implemented components for the wicket pages where ever
needed.

_________________________________________________________________Educati
on Details

 

B.Tech (C.S.E) â€“ in 2012 from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological
University (JNTU) with 69.76%. 

10+2 â€“ in 2008 from Board of Intermediate Education, Andhra Pradesh
with 92.3% 

Xth class â€“ in 2006 from Board of Secondary Education (SSC) with
71.17% 

_________________________________________________________________Persona
l Profile 

Date of birth		:  24th Nov 1990

Nationality		:  Indian

Marital Status		:  Single

Hobbies		:  Playing cricket and Table Tennis and Listening music.

Extra-Curricular	:  Participated in cultural activities at college
annual day celebrations.

