SUJITH KUMAR KUPUNARAPU

 Curriculum Vitae

Work Experience (4.2 yrs - Total 

@ cleartrip.com – 1.10yrs, 

@ S&P Capital IQ(McGraw Hill Financial) – 2.4yrs)

Address: H.No 8-5-154/4, Road No.3, Mallikarjuna Colony, Old Bowenpally,
Hyderabad, A.P, India -500011

Ph No: +918143130431





                                                              March 2015
- Present

Oracle Coherence Framework @ S&P Capital IQ

Technologies used: Core Java, Oracle Coherence

Description:  From the scratch developing standalone java api Oracle
Coherence framework. Oracle Coherence is an in-memory distributed data
grid solution for clustered applications and application servers. The
framework will be used by various teams within the organization to
access the centralized cache for caching purposes.  

 



May 2013 – March 2015

Feeds Generation @ S&P Capital IQ  

Technologies Used: Java, Spring, Hibernate, Unit Testing (Mockito,
Qunit), Javascript, Jquery, SQL server etc

Description: Feeds(zip files) generation by extracting data from a
central repository.





Email id:   HYPERLINK "mailto:sujjjith@gmail.com"  sujjjith@gmail.com 

      sujith010987@gmail.com

Jan 2014 – Jul 2014

XFAdmin UI web project @ S&P Capital IQ

Technologies used : Spring 3, Hibernate, Mockito, SQL Server, JQuery,
Qunit etc

Description: Internal web app which is used to generate the metadata for
feeds development. 

Education

2007-2011    VIT University

                        B.Tech (Comp Sc)

                        9.11/10 CGPA

2004-2006    AP Board of Sec Edu

                       St. Patrick’s college

                       93.9/100%

2004             AP Board SSC

                      St. Andrews School

                      88.3/100%



                                                                        
Oct 2013 – Dec 2013

DFAdmin Automation @ S&P Capital IQ

Technologies used: SQL Server (Procedures and Views)

Description: Automated the data entry process in feeds generation.
Automatically provided the data required for feeds generation on the fly
like feed zip file name etc 



Technologies

Languages: Java, JavaScript, JQuery(JavaScript Library) Ant Scripting

Frameworks: Spring3, Hibernate, Selenium, Mockito, Html Unit

Database: SQL Server 



Jan 2013 – May 2013

Bus API @ cleartrip.com

Technologies Used: Java, Spring3, Unit Testing(Mockito) and Integration
testing

Description: RESTFul bus Api     



Caching Tools: Redis, Oracle Coherence

CI Tools: GO, Jenkins  

IDE: IntelliJ Idea, Eclipse



  Jun 2012 – Dec 2012

Multi Modal Search @ cleartrip.com

Technologies Used: Java, Spring3, Unit Testing (Mockito) and Integration
testing

Description: Multi mode search(air, rail, bus, car) from origin to
destination

Certifications:

Querying Microsoft SQL SERVER 2012



Jan 2012 – Mar 2012

WebCheckin @ cleartrip.com

Technologies Used: Java, Html Unit(Scraping tool), spring3,Unit Testing
(Mockito) and Integration testing

Description: Web Scraping of html pages using Html Unit web scraping
tool  



                                                                   Aug
2011 – Nov 2011

Hybrid Automation Framework @ cleartrip.com

Technologies Used: Core Java, Selenium

Description: It is both data and object driven testing framework





Achievements

*Hackathon: Won 1st prize in Water hackathon conducted by World Bank -
2012

*Hackathon: Won 2nd prize in Cleartrip hackathon – 2012

*University  School (Comp Sc) VICE –PRESIDENT

*Founder, IEEE – Computer Society of VIT University



Apr 2012 – Jun 2012

Auto Deployment @ cleartrip.com

Technologies Used: Ant Scripting

Description: Auto Deployment of web apps in Testing Environments





Work Experience (4 months @ artoo.in)

Jan 2011 – Apr 2011

Text Free Authentication – Android app

Technologies Used: Android, ZXing library

Description: Text free authentication system to help micro finance
agents. 







TECHPOINT PROFILE

