From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 
2yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â -  3
year

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  - 
1yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3years

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Maven/AntÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Tomcat,web sphere

Ok to work for start up

Code:   80%    design:20%

Ok to start up

                                  		           RESUME

Girish.K

                       E-mail: girishkoppula@gmail.com

                                  Phone No: +919000595892

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Experience of around 3 years in various Java technologies encompassing
web-based application development.

Fluent in Java, Servlets, Spring MVC,  Hibernate.

ExpertiseÂ inÂ implementationÂ ofÂ applicationÂ systemÂ utilizingÂ Servl
ets, JDBC, Velocity, MVC.

ExtensivelyÂ usedÂ Eclipse asÂ DevelopmentÂ Tool.

ExtensiveÂ handsÂ onÂ expertiseÂ withÂ webÂ serversÂ andÂ applicationÂ s
erversÂ likeÂ Tomcat.

Possess good analytical, problem-solving and communication skills.

Flexible team player. 

ACADEMICS:

Bachelor of Technology Engineering (B-tech (Computer Science)) from DRK
Institute of Science & Technology, Hyderabad  in May 2009.

TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION:

SunÂ CertifiedÂ JavaÂ ProgrammerÂ (SCJPÂ 5.0)Â .

TECHNICAL  SKILLS:

Elements	Particulars

Operating Systems	Windows, Linux

Java Technologies    	Core Java, JDBC, Servlets, tiles, Velocity, 
Hibernate , Spring, Spring MVC, Spring security

Web Technologies	HTML and XML

Build and Deployment             	Maven

Databases	PostgresSql, MySql

Web / Application Servers      	Tomcat 



          

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Working as a Java Developer in Artech Infosystems from August 2014 to
Present

Working as a Java Developer in TSSS Infotech Pvt Ltd from November  2012
to October 2013

Worked as Software Engineer in Vess Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd from
November 2010 to October 2012.

1.	Project Name : Residual Billing Application

Client	IBM

Role	Software Engineer

Duration	Aug2014- Present

Environment (with skill versions)	Java, Struts2.0, JDBC, Jsp, JavaScript
, IBM DB2, Websphere, Rational Access Center.                           
                  



Description:

Residual Billing Application is a tool IBM billing application, where
IBM projects cost is calculated. There are various projects of various
clients that are handled by IBM, this requires a tool for IBM to
calculate the labor and non labor expenses. In RBA we have various roles
for Project Manager, Centralized Bill Initiator and Approver etc.. .
There will be a process to calculate the expenses based on parameters
like Country, location, project, team size etc.. This expenses are
uploaded in different files like xls sheet or doc etc.. mostly the
documents are xls sheets. These expenses are uploaded by Project Manager
and then they are verified by different people. Costs are uploaded are
different roles then the uploaded costs are verified always. This tool
is used across the IBM for internal billing purpose. 

        

Roles & Responsibilities: 

Developed various modules regarding taxation which is important for
Billing purpose .

Implemented different screens for the Project Manager billing module.

Modified various parameters regarding Admin module.

Implemented different procedures for the validations in different
modules.

Developed batch jobs for populating data on the screens.

Performed different queries to fetch data from DB2 database.

2.	Project Name : Ebates

Client	ebates.ca

Role	Java Developer

Duration	Nov2012- Oct 2013

Environment (with skill versions)	Java, Spring,  Tiles, Velocity,
JavaScript , Postgres-sql, Tomcat7.X , Spring mvc, Spring security, XML 
                                     

                                             

              

Description:

Ebates is a online shopping site where it pays to shop online. Every
time you shop online at your favourite retailers, you earn back a
percentage of every purchase. From niceties to necessities, members of
Ebates Canada save with discounts and Cash Back at top-name merchants
for everything from furniture to fashion and appliances to airfare.
Shopping with Ebates Canada is hassle-free: no rebate forms to fill out
and no points or miles to redeem - just straightforward savings plus
Cash Back.

         

Roles & Responsibilities: 

Construction of Controller and Services . 

Construction of Web components by using necessary API from REST
Services.

Construction of admin tools using Spring MVC.

Used Maven as build tool and developed build file for compiling the code
of creating WAR files.

Worked in deadline driven environment with immediate feature release
cycles.

Performing basic operations on Linux-mint Server.

3.	Project Name : Dealwallet

Client	dealwallet.com

Role	Software Engineer

Duration	November 2011 â€“ October 2012 

Environment (with skill versions)	Java, Spring MVC, Hibernate3, Tiles,
Velocity, Postgres-sql Tomcat7.X , Spring Social.              

                                             

           

Description:

Dealwallet is the full-fledged online shopping aggregation portal under
development. We are scraping deals from different sites and displaying
to users. It provides products, deals and coupons to users based on user
choices. In Dealwallet we display the products with all the details like
retail price, dealwallet price, product description, and additional
information about the products. In dealwallet we are displaying the
products from Amazon web services as well. We also integrated facebook
signups/logins in Dealwallet. And we are using spring social to
integrate various sharing mediums into Dealwallet. 

        

Roles & Responsibilities:

As a java developer, I was actively involved in architecting various
Business Layer and Data Management components of this multi-tiered web
based Application.

Responsible for developing core hibernate components. Construction of
Web components.

Involved in the Analysis, Design and Coding.

Adding permissions, deploying war files in Linux mint server.

3.	Project Name : Cimpler

Client	cimpler.com

Role	Software Engineer

Duration	November 2010- October 2011

Team Size	Project size: 4	Module size: NA

Environment (with skill versions)	Java, Spring MVC, Hibernate3, Tiles,
Velocity, Postgres-sql Tomcat7.X , Spring security, XML                 
                      

                                             

             

 Description:

Cimpler is the online real estate service provider.  It is the site to
choose best property with valuable services. It provides
services/packages to the users to select proper house based on the
requirements. Once user selected a particular house, cimpler provides
certain packages or individual services to user to choose from. Once
user selected the required services/packages, he will requested for
payment including house cost and cimpler services/packages costs.  On
successful payment, it creates order in the cimpler side and cimpler
people will take care of the user selected product including services. 
And we used spring security to have multi level user authentication. 

        

Roles & Responsibilities:

Construction of Dao.

Involved in the Analysis, Design and Coding.

Construction of Web components.

Page   PAGE  1  of   NUMPAGES   5 

