hibernate:       1.6 year

springs -         2.5 year & current

web services:1 year & current

Core java : 4 years

UML design - No

BUild tools:   Maven/ sonar/weblogic/jboss

worked on reflection.

DB-mysql

SREERAMA BALAKRISHNA

           	 Email             :sbk.mca@gmail.com		 		 Contact 1       
: +91-9441454652

		 Contact 2        : +91-8978923100

PROFESSIONAL  SUMMARY:

Having 4 years of professional experience in java,j2ee application
development.

Experienced in Core Java with Object Oriented Concepts like Collections,
Exception Handling and Polymorphism.

Experience in J2EE technologies like Servlets, JSP, and JDBC.

Experience in various Frameworks like SPRING 3.X, Hibernate. 

Experienced in J2EE Design Patterns such as DAO, Factory and Single-ton
in the development distributed Enterprise Applications.

Exposure to various Relational Database Management Systems like
Oracle,SqlServer 2005,Postgres Sql.

Exceptional ability to quickly grasp the new concepts and capable of
contributing individually as well as a Team Member also.

PROFESSIONAL  EXPERIENCE : 

Working as a Software Engineer in Prokarma Softech Private Ltd from July
2013 to till date.

Worked as a Programmer at National Informatics Centre (NIC) through IAP
Company Private LTD(out sourcing) from December 13, 2010 to July 2013.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:  

          Languages             		:	JAVA

Java/J2EE Technologies      :         JDBC, Servlets, JSP.

Web Technologies		: 	HTML, XML, JavaScript.

Frameworks			: 	Spring 3.x, Hibernate3.x. 

Databases			: 	Oracle10g/9i, SqlServer2005, PostgresSql.

IDEs				: 	Eclipse, NetBeans.

Web/Application Servers	: 	Apache Tomcat.

Platform			: 	Windows XP, Red Hat Linux 5.3.

EDUCATION SUMMARY:

Master of Computer Science (MCA) from JNTU Kakinada with 76% in 2007-10.

Bsc Physics(Hons) from Berhampur University, Orissa. with 63% in
2004-07.

Intermediate from Andhra University, Visakhapatnam with 82% in 2002-04. 

PROJECT SUMMARY: 

#Project 1:

Title		:	Equipment

Client		:	UPRR(Union Pacific Rail Road)

Environment	:	Core Java, Spring, Maven, XMF Services, JMS, Oracle
10g,Postgres Sql 

9.2,Fitnesse, Eclipse, SVN.

Description: UPRR is largest rail road  in US. In this project we are
handling/storing the information about the equipment details and the
material that the car contains/carrying and also the cross references
information which the car has. apart from these way bills related stuff
of each and every equipment. And we store the information about the
stops between the source and destination as well as the delivery
(between stops) details of the equipment. and also Interchange
Information Between Other Agencies.

 

Responsibilities:

Involving in sprint planning as part of monthly deliveries.

Involving in daily scrum calls and standup meetings as part of Agile
methodology.

Good hands on experience on Version One tool to update the work details
and working hours for a task.

Involving in the designing part of views.

Involving In Writing Spring Configuration Files and Business Logic based
on Requirement.

Involved in code-review sessions.

Implementing Junit test’s based on the business logic w.r.t to
assigned backlog sprint plan.

Implementing the Fixtures to execute the FitNesse test tables.

Good experience on creating the Jenkins CI jobs and Sonar jobs.

 

# Project 2:

  Title			:		 Register Portal (sarathi.nic.in)

          Client			:	Ministry of Transport (Govt of India).

           Environment	:	Java, Web Services, JSP, JSF1.2, JavaScript,
Hibernate

Overview: 

This project provides anytime anywhere basis services like online
application submission for issuance of Learner License or Driving
License, online payment of tax and other fees related to vehicle
registration. It facilitates Status Tracking of various application
related to Driving License. It provides applications for issuance of
National Goods Permit, for endorsement of Name, Address etc. The
availability of free services, MIS for decision making can be endowed
with it. Information sharing will be quick and easy to other Government
department. The Applicant details queried can be known easily by which
one can know to which RTO that applicant belongs and the amount paid by
that applicant for the concerned transactions.  It makes possible to
know the information related to tax due date, fitness due date, Driving
License renewal due date etc. The utilities provided to a particular RTO
office can be modified by selecting the necessary operations that an
office should work on.

Responsibilities:

Developed Front-End Using JSF1.2.

Developed a Web Service for fetch the Details of the Applicant which
included the amount of Fee paid, Class of Vehicle possessed and the RTO
at which the amount has been paid.

Implementation of a utility that provides alteration of services for the
RTOs.

Implemented the Search Mechanism of License Holder by writing the web
service.

# Project 3:

Title		 : 	Sarathi 2.0

Client		           :	Ministry of Transport (Government of India).

Environment  	 :	RMI, Swings, Hibernate3.x, Oracle 9i, SQL Server and
DB2

Period	           :	Dec 2010 – Till Date.

Description	:      

Sarathi is a Product developed for National Transport Division, this
project relates with the transactions regarding issuing of Licenses in
RTO offices of India. Sarathi deals with Learning License, Driving
License, Conductor Licenses and Driving School Licenses. Each module
contains some actions such as receiving Fee & Applications, Backlog Data
and Record Full Details, capturing Biometrics, Approvals, Receipts
generation and Reports. For Security implementation, any officer has few
of the roles not all. Sarathi provides the ability to modify the
authorization to the RTO officers. Whenever an application is received
for the license, it passes through all these actions in a sequence.
Until the higher authority approves the application then only the
license is issued. This Sarathi Product is going to be implemented
throughout all RTO offices in the country in stages.

Responsibilities:

Developed and Enhanced Approval Counters Allotment & Distribution
module.

Involved in writing the queries as the application is having the
heterogeneous Databases.

Involved in deployment activities requested for QA team.

Involved in performance improvement of system in regular interval during
the development.

Involved in reviewing, prioritizing and solving the bugs in the system.

Involved in Unit testing & Integration testing.

Involved in Data Porting Of AP Transport Dept Driving Licenses(Sarathi)
and Registrations (Vahan) to NR(National Register) By Providing Mapping
Logic in both Oracle and SQL Server 2005.

Involved in Data Checking Process for AP Transport Dept Data as Per NR
Structures By writing scripts as per mapping in Both Oracle and SQL
Server 2005.

Developed Tools for checking The Ported Data and Reporting the status of
Porting by using Java & JDBC.

					

