From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â  6years
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -  6
years&currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -  Not
workedÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  6.8 years

Design PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â  6.8 yearsÂ  

UML designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   no

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â  maven /Ant

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Jboss/tomcat/weblogic/eclipse

DB: mysql/oracle

Madhu Avula

Senior Software Engineer

Location: Hyderabad,India

Phone: +91-7799814477

Email: madhu.avula@gmail.com

Summary

Over 6.8 years of professional experience in Systems Analysis, Design,
Development of various Client/Server and Internet Applications.

Experience in Waterfall Model, Test Driven Development , and Agile
methodologies such as  Scrum, and Kanban.

Knowledge in Application Design and Development using , OOP, MVC  and
J2EE.

Extensive experience in developing web applications using, Java,
J2EE,JSP, Servlets,  JDBC,  Struts, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring JDBC,
Hibernate,  Javascript, JQuery, JSON,  XML, HTML and CSS.

Expertise in developing the multi-tier web applications in both Spring
MVC and Struts MVC that ensures clear separation of layers and
application development.

Good experience in using POI, ITEXT, and GSON library.

Strong experience in RDBMS concepts, Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server.

Good experience in using JQuery Plugin like JQGrid, JQuery UI etc.

Strong knowledge in designing and coding stored procedures, Triggers and
Functions using PL/SQL.

Possess Server experience with Tomcat Server.

Extensively used different IDEs like Eclipse, STS .

Proficient in unit testing the application using JUnit, Mockito.

Experience in using ANT ,MAVEN and Log4j tools.

Implemented efficient business logic by using various Design Pattern
like Singleton, Abstract factory, Factory method etc.

Used SVN and GIT for Version Control.

Good communication skills to deal with people at all levels.

Self-motivated team player with good Analytical, Logical and Problem
Solving ability. 

Professional Qualification:

Senior Software Engineer in Prokarma Softech Pvt. Ltd., from July' 2011
to till date.

Software Engineer in Sodel Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd., from Jan 2008
to June'11.

Educational Qualification:

B. Tech.  in Information Technology from JNTU, Hyderabad India.

Technical Skills:

J2EE Technologies: 
Servlets,JSP,JDBC,Struts,Hibernate,Spring,LOG4J,JUnit,Mockito,GSON,

Languages: 	Java, SQL, and PL/SQL

IDE Tools: 	Eclipse, STS

Tool:				Ant, and Maven 

Web Technologies: 	JavaScript, JQuery, CSS, HTML,  AJAX, XML and JSON

Databases: 	Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server

Web Application Servers: 	Apache Tomcat,JBoss                           
               

Version Control Tools: 	Svn and GIT

Operating Systems: 	Windows 8/7/ XP and UNIX

Web Debugging Tool:	Firebug, IE developer Tool and Chrome developer tool

Bug Tracking Tool :	Quality Center, JIRA

Project Management Tool: 	Version One, and JIRA

Professional Experience:

Prokarma Softech Pvt. Ltd, Hyderabad                                    
                                                    Augâ€™13	 - Till Now

Senior Software Engineer

PCA(Purchasing Card Application)

Client: Union Pacific

Description:The purpose of the Purchasing Card Application is to combine
a new web data entry system for processing Visa Credit Card expenses.
The application enables users to manage their expenses and provides them
with the ability to adjust costing components, ultimately driving the
appropriate values(changes) to the General Ledger. Accountablity of
expenses is addressed within the application by an additional level of
sign-off, namely an assigned Approver. Card Administators control User
and Card entries within the system. They are also able to run System
Reports to evaluate the User Group productivity, as defined by AcctPay.

Responsibilities:

Involved in Sprint Planning day and Sprint Retrospective day for the
backlogs.

Used Spring framework for MVC, dependency injection as well as
transaction management.

Used Hibernate framework for DAO.

Developed front pages using JSP, HTML,JSON, JQuery and JavaScript.

Developed business components, UI components, utility classes, action
classes and form beans. 

Written Unit test for Controller, Service and DAO layers by using
Mockito.

Written Complex SQL queries, Stored Procedures  and Views.

Used conversion from JSON to string and vice-versa through GSON library.

Developed and debugged the application using Eclipse.

Used Maven to build war files and also add the dependencies in POM.xml

Used Quality Center for the issues reported by the testing team.

Used SVN for version control.

Troubleshooting, debugging and resolving high priority production issues
.

Environment: Tomcat 6.0, Java, Spring, Hibernate, JQuery, Javascript, 
JSP, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JSON, JMS, Oracle, SVN , Eclipse STS , SQL
Developer, Putty, Quality Center, Version One, Web debugging tool like
Firebug, IE and chrome developer tool.

Project: GatewayConnect                                                 
                                                             Juneâ€™11 -
Julyâ€™13

Client: Union Pacific

Description: GatewayConnect Agilink â€“  GatewayConnect project that is
being developed to enhance Agilink infrastructure and implementation to
be able to migrate mainframe message volumes to Agilink. Transentric's
Agilink service, an intelligent message management system, connects
their trading community and allows electronic transaction exchange with
any trading partner, in any format or protocol.

Responsibilities:

Involved in Sprint Planning day and Sprint Retrospective day for the
backlogs.

Used Spring framework for MVC, dependency injection as well as
transaction management.

Used Hibernate framework for DAO.

Developed front pages using JSP, HTML,JSON, JQuery and JavaScript.

Design patterns like Singleton and DAO are implemented in business
layer. 

Developed business components, UI components, utility classes, action
classes and form beans. 

Written Unit test for Controller, Service and DAO layers by using
Mockito.

Used conversion from JSON to string and vice-versa through GSON library.

Developed and debugged the application using Eclipse.

Used Maven to build war files and also add the dependencies in POM.xml

Used Quality Center for the issues reported by the testing team.

Used SVN and GIT for version control.

Troubleshooting, debugging and resolving high priority production issues
.

Environment: JBoss Server, Java, Spring, Hibernate,Mockito, GSON,
JQuery, Javascript,  JSP, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JSON, JMS, Oracle, GIT,
Beyond Compare, Eclipse STS , SQL Developer, Putty, Quality Center,
Version One, Web debugging tool like Firebug, IE and chrome developer
tool.

Sodel Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd, Navi Mumbai                          
                                                   Janâ€™08 - Jun'11

Software Engineer

Project: Criticall

Client: Criticall.co.uk

Description: Criticall provide software solutions to deliver
personalized, relevant, and appropriate critical information via all
modern voice and text communication devices. They have two-way
communication system for delivering the message and receiving the
response. In addition they have advance features of locating the exact
position of the receiver using GPS.

Responsibilities:

Involved in analysis and design phases of Software Development Life
Cycle 

Used Spring framework for Spring MVC, dependency injection as well as
transaction management.

Developed front pages using JSP, HTML, JQuery,  and JavaScript.

Design patterns like Singleton and DAO are implemented in business
layer. 

Developed business components, UI components, utility classes, action
classes and form beans. 

Used conversion from JSON to string and vice-versa through GSON library.

Custom Quote PDF generation through IText library.

Custom Quote Excel generation through POI library.

Developed and debugged the application using Eclipse.

Used Ant to build war files .

Used SVN  for version control.

Troubleshooting, debugging and resolving high priority production issues
.

Environment: Tomcat, Java,  Struts1.x, Spring,   IText, POI,  JQuery,
JSP, HTML, CSS,  SVN, Microsoft SQL Server, Ant, Eclipse, Web debugging
tool like Firebug, IE and chrome developer tool.

Project: Man Group Plc Help Site

Description: Tracking employees of organization with their current
status and location. Web application provides the functionality of a
discussion board, personal messaging and administration reporting.

Responsibilities:

Involved in analysis and design phases of Software Development Life
Cycle 

Used Spring framework for Struts 1.38 and also Hibernate 3.0

Developed front pages using JSP, HTML, JQuery ,  and JavaScript.

Developed business components, UI components, utility classes, action
classes and form beans. 

Written Complex SQL queries, Stored Procedures,  and Views.

Used Ant to build war files.

Used SVN for version control.

Troubleshooting, debugging and resolving high priority production issues
.

Environment: Tomcat, Java,  Struts1.x, Spring, Hibernate, JQuery,
Javascript, JSP, HTML, CSS, Microsoft SQL Server, SVN,  Ant, Web
debugging tool like Firebug, IE and chrome developer tool.

	Madhu A

				

