																							          												

Pre-screening Technical Questionnaire :-

From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â :Â Â Â 7.6yrsÂ Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â 

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â :Â Â Â Â Â 7.6yrsÂ Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â 

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â :4.0yrsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â  Â Â 

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â :8.6yrsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â :YesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â :Â Â Â Â Â Â YesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â :BothÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â 

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Database - Oracle

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

Over 8.6 years of  IT experience in Software Development ,Maintenance
and Client/Server 

	  Technologies.

Having worked on variety of web application systems and Enterprise
applications, has good skills in the areas of Business Analysis, Design,
Documentation and Coding.

Having good domain knowledge in Insurance, Banking,
SuppyChainManagement, Logistics,

and Hospitality.

 

TECHNICAL SUMMARY

Skills	Tools

Technologies	CoreJava, JDBC, Servlets, JSP,
JavaScript,JMS,XML,EJB,Restful Webservices, SOAP,Ajax,Junit

Frameworks	Struts, Hibernate, Spring

Database	SQL Server, Oracle

Operating Systems	Windows Family, Linux

Servers	Tomcat, weblogic, Websphere

Tools 	SVN, Eclipse,Maven ANT,CVS,Log4j,WSAD,RAD,GIT

	

		

WORK HISTORY

Organisation	Duration	Role

HCL Technologies Pvt.,Ltd	December2013- Till now	Technical Lead

Accenture India Pvt.,Ltd 	November2009-November 2013	Team Lead

ING Life India Pvt.Ltd 	August 2008 â€“ November 2009	Senior Executive

IBM India Pvt.Ltd 	April 2006 â€“ March 2008	Application Programmer

Covansys India Pvt.Ltd 	August 2005 â€“ April 2006	Associate Project



	Onsite work experience:

Worked in Denmark for client JyskeBank remediation work 

WORK EXPERIENCE

Organisation	: HCL Technologies Pvt., Ltd 

Project #1	: GFS 

Environment	: Spring,Hibernate,Websphere Portlets,Webservices,
Websphere, SQL Server

Client		: GIGA, Malaysia

Duration	: Jan 2014-till date

	Giga shipping is an application development and maintenance project.
Client is involved in RO RO vessel business based out of Malaysia,
mainly involved in car carrier transportation.Â 

Project is divided into 2 sets of development, primary application
development is for Giga shipping to manage their order to delivery
operations worldwide. Secondary application development is for nexus
transportation managing their inland transportation business. 

Responsibilities: 

Creation of UI components and POJO

Developed the Websphere Portlets

Involved the application design and database design

Involved in Fixing the Issues

Involved in UI Validations

Involved in Junit Testing and Junit Build

		

Organisation	: Accenture India Pvt., Ltd 

Project #1	: Pulse-iPAD 

Environment	: Spring,Hibernate,Restful Webservices, Tomcat, SQL Server

Client		: Apple, USA

Duration	: May 2013-till date

	Mobile Pulse iPAD project is developed for the user to register to the
Pulse iPAD application and they will get the pin for authentication
after enter the pin the registration process is completed.

	Various Surveys are available in the website and the user can
participate the survey and the user need to provide the answers for all
mandatory questions to complete the survey.Workshops also available in
the website for user to participate and user can download the decks
available in the website before starting the workshop. 

Responsibilities: 

Creation of UI components and POJO

Developed the Restful Webservices

Involved the application design and database design

Involved in Fixing the Issues

Involved in Junit Testing and Maven Build

Involved in UI validations

Project #2	: CRS

Environment	: Java, Struts, Hibernate,Webservices,JSP, Servlets,
EJB,Websphere,oracle

Client		: STARWOOD, USA

Duration	: Dec 2011-April 2013

Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide Incorporation is the most global
high-end hotel company in the world.Starwood is one of leading hotel and
leisure companies in the world with 1,134 properties in nearly 100
countries and 171,000 employees at its owned and managed properties.
Starwood is a fully integrated owner, operator and franchisor of hotels,
resorts and residences.

The internationally renowned brandes are St.Regis, The Luxury
Collection, W Hotels, Westin, Le MÃ©ridien, Sheraton, Four Points by
Sheraton, Aloft, and Element.The Company boasts one of the industryâ€™s
leading loyalty program, Starwood Preferred Guest (SPG), allowing
members to earn and redeem points for room stays, room upgrades and
flights, with no blackout dates. The head quarters of starwood hotels is
located in Stanford,US

Responsibilities: 

Creation of UI components and POJO  

Involved in Fixing the Issues

Involved in Junit Testing and Build

Involved in UI validations

Project #3	:  SPLUS

Environment	: Java, Struts,Hibernate,Webservices,JSP, Servlets, EJB,
WebLogic, Oracle

Client		: UPS, USA

Duration	: Nov 2009 â€“ Nov 2011

   	 UPS is a World's largest package delivery company and a leading
global provider of specialized transportation and logistics services.
UPS Headquarters is located in Atlanta, GA. UPS having operations in
more than 200 countries.

In the  process of creating the order the system takes various input
parameters from customer like the item details and quantity. In the
order creation process the UPS system is communicating with RTM system
through webservices calls. The workflow initiate the synchronous and
asynchronous communications between UPS and RTS systems. Intially at the
time of placing the order it communicate with the inventory system for
available items and pull the data from Warehouse system and publish to
the user and in the part of the workflow the routing is pulling the
various transportations available and with vendor and distance details.
This process carrying all the details from one level to another level to
till place the order

Responsibilities: 

Creation of UI components and POJO  

Involved in Bug Fixing activities

Involved in Junit Testing 

Involved in Ant configuration

Involved in UI validations

Organisation	: ING, Netherlands

Project	#4	: SCIM

Environment	: Java, Websphere portlets, JSP, Servlets, EJB,WebSphere,
SQL Server

Duration	: August 2008 â€“ Nov 2009

SCIM is combination of various campaigns. The system calculates the
incentives of the employees based on their performance. This application
is designed based on the roles, on branch wise and area wise, the
proposals sales and the calculation of the premium amount and sum
assured amount.The agents have to reach their targets on quarterly. The
key objective of this modernization effort is motivating the employees
through various campaigns. Every quarter a new campaign will be released
and the employees participate in the campaigns to achieve the goals. The
reporting structure is based on the roles.

Responsibilities:

Developing Web-tier Components 

Involved in framework design.

Used Struts validator framework for validation

Involved in debugging activities

Organisation	: IBM India Pvt.,Ltd

Project #5	: Celestica, Canada

Environment	: Java, Websphere portlets, Jsp, Servlets, EJB, TAM, LDAP,
WAS, WPS, Oracle

Client		: Celestica, Canada 

Duration	: April 2006 â€“ July 2008

	Development of Enterprise Portal and Employee Portal for Celestica.
Integration of the portlets with other backend applications
(Datawarehouse, SAP, Lotus Notes, java/j2ee) and providing Single Sign
On (SSO) for them. Maintain the whole production environment comprising
of Access Manager, LDAP and other components in a clustered environment.

Responsibilities:

Creating Websphere Portelts, Configuration of Portlets, Performance
tunning.

Creating the junctions on WebSeal Server

Executing the UNIX commands and server configuration

Providing the mappings between portlets and backend applications.

Unit testing of the developed web-tier components

Involved in WebSphere Portal Administration

Involved in WebSphere Application Server Administration

Organisation	: Covansys India Pvt.,Ltd

Project	#6	: ETABS, USA

Environment	: Java, JSF, EJB, IBM WSAD, WAS, Oracle

Client		: OHIO State Government, USA 

Duration		: August 2005 â€“ July 2008

	The Department of Job and Family Services, Office of Unemployment
Compensation, Bureau of Unemployment Compensation Tax (UC Tax)
administers the tax and wage record provisions of the Ohio Unemployment
Compensation Law. UC Tax is seeking to implement a modernized system for
processing unemployment compensation taxes to effectively.

Responsibilities:

 Developing Web-tier Components (JSF Pages, Page codes, Form Beans)

	Writing common Components for validations

	Writing Custom data beans

	Configuration of navigation rules, managed beans in faces-config.xml
file

	Unit testing of the developed web-tier components

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

Master of Computer Applications (M.C.A,).  from S.V. University ,2004. 

