							

From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 2
yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â - 
2years

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  - 
1yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3 year

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  6 month

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Ant-3 yearsÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Apache Tomcat 6.0/weblogic server

Ok for startup.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY	

Close to 3.0 years of extensive work experience in Java and J2EE with
projects  involving Development and Enhancements.

Good Exposure on Core Java, Jsp, Servlets, Extensive Work Experience on
frameworks like Spring, Struts , Hibernate.

Main responsibilities include understanding of requirements,  formulate
solutions, Development and Unit Testing.

Extensive Knowledge on Integrated Technologies like Web Services and
Restful Web Service.

Knowledge on JAXWS BP 1.0&JAXRPC, JAXB APIs. Knowledge on Restful Web
Services (JAXRS API 2.0)

Implemented and used design patterns like Singleton, Factory, DAO and
Strategy Design Pattern, Command Controller and Service design patterns
for Developing Web applications.

Good command over Spring AOP, IOC, Transaction and ORM module

GUI layer Design and development done using Web technologies like JSP,
JavaScript and HTML, Ajax.

Application development IDE  like Eclipse, MyEclipse, Net Beans and
STS(Spring Tool Suit) used.

Quick learner and excellent Team player having ability to meet tight
deadlines and work in Under Pressure.

Well practiced with integrating struts, spring and hibernate.

Well versed in both JDBC and Hibernate for the database connectivity

EDUCATION:  B.Tech ( Electronics &Communication Engineering) with 70%
from SBIT , Khammam , 2008 to 2012.  

technical skills:

Languages/Java Technologies	Java, Jsp,  servlet , Oracle, Web services,
Hibernate, Spring, Restful Web Service

DBMS	Oracle

IDEâ€™s and other Tools  	Eclipse 3.2, Sts, TOAD,   Soap UI 3.5

SCM Tools	CVS

Framework	Struts1.2, Spring3.0, Hibernate

gui	Jsp, Ajax, JavaScript and html

Web servers	Apache Tomcat server

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY: 

Name of the Company	Designation	From	To	Duration

Cognizant Technology Solutions	Software Developer	April2012	Till Date	2
Years



Nurture Software Solutions    Pvt  .Ltd

	 

    Software          

    Developer	

   May 2011	

March 2012	

        1 Year

   



PROJECT DETAILS:

Project Title	

INTACT

Client

WellPoint

Development Environment

Java,  jsp, spring, web services, Apache Tomcat Server, Oracle, JUnit,

Time Period

March 2013 â€“ Till date 

Role

Team member

 CLIENT: Well Point

 DESCRIPTION OF THE PROJECT:



Internal Telesales Application Capture Tool [INTACT] application allows
agent, broker, and customer service associate to enroll applicant data
electronically through online forms. The services related to application
functionality can be programmatically invoked over http internet
protocol. INTACT uses few self-contained business services that expose
WellPoint business functions to online partners through well defined
interfaces. These services contain sets of operations that can be
programmatically invoked through well defined web service interface
using SOAP protocol. INTACT can dynamically mix and match pages for
application type and state to key in data electronically as part of
enrollment process. This data driven application allows agents/internal
users to key in data or retrieve filled in form dynamically, and view
the status of applicant real time. Moreover, this application is data
driven which pulls the form template from database and populate the form
with data retrieved from web service using application controller Number
(ACN). 

Following Modules have been handled as part of INTACT development.

Quote Service module

Transfer &Agent Recall module 

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES IN THE PROJECT:

Involved in Gathering Requirements Understanding, Development and Unit
Testing

Involved  in Development  Web Services using Apache CXF. 

Involved in  Implementing Code Based on DAO, Command Controller ,Service
 Design Patterns.

Involved in developing Web Application Environment Using Spring &
Hibernate frameworks  for J2EE web application.

Involved  in Code Integration  of Different Modules.

PROJECT DETAILS:

Project Title	

WU Refresh P7.1C 

Client

Western Union

Development Environment

Java, J2EE,  jsp,  servlets, struts, spring, hibernate, oracle, CVS,
Apache Tomcat.

Time Period

April2012 â€“ Feb 2013

Role

Team member

CLIENT : Western Union 

DESCRIPTION OF THE PROJECT

This project will create a process-centric workflow solution for the
Bridgeton Customer Service Center (CSC) Offline group. The workflow
system will be an on-line collaborative business application that is
interactive and robust. Based upon performing a task, the workflow
system will enable the CSC users to retrieve, manage and track work by
each CSR user within the Offline department.  The system will provide
reporting, allow for administration and control of the workflow process
and provide the ability to track performance metrics by CSR user and by
work tasks.  The system will automatically route work with attached
images/documents between internal and external people and applications.

Stop Payment and Process Transaction Confirmation modules are developed
as part of WU P7.1C Under stop payment module, stop payment initiation
which addresses the initiation of a stop payment type of work request,
Stop Payments processing which addresses the workflow processing of a
Stop payment type of work request are covered. Under process transaction
confirmation processing of confirmation letter type of work request is
covered.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES IN THE PROJECT:

   

Involved  in Development and Unit testing.

Designed GUI using HTML, CSS , Jsp, Struts  Jstl tag lib 

Used DAO,VO, Business Delegate Design Patterns

Struts framework  and  Jdbc  was used for developing J2EE based web
application.

Involved in Gathering Requirements Understanding, Development and Unit
Testing

Involved Designed GUI using HTML, CSS and Ajax, Jsp







PROJECT DETAILS:

Project Title		

     I-Care Medical Information System



Client	     West-End Medical Center, USA



Development Environment	Java, J2EE,  jsp,  servlets, struts, hibernate,
oracle, Apache Tomcat.

Time Period	May 2011â€“ March 2012

Role	Team member



CLIENT: West-End Medical Center, USA

DESCRIPTION OF THE PROJECT:

Medical Information System is software designed to provide information
to the patients regarding the availability of the beds as well as
doctors in the hospital. It was also designed to take admission of new
patients and also to maintain them. It also keeps the detail information
about the stocks of medicines and other accessories. It has also the
billing system which calculates the total bill of the patients as well
as doctors.

The project was accomplished by the help of following modules.

Patients Registration: Includes all patientsâ€™ related information with
full address, contact no and, back ground details with the diseases
symptoms.

Pathology: Includes all types of blood, ECG and X-ray related tests;

Sales & purchase: Includes all types hospital related Materials,
Finished Stock Inventory, Preparation of Various Register and Sales
Analysis Reports.

Medicines: Includes the medicines assignments to the patients by the
doctors in each time the doctorâ€™s visits. And finally the bill will be
generated.

Patients discharge: After the bills are deposited the patients will be
discharge

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES IN THE PROJECT:

Developing Presentation Layer using JSP and Struts.

Involved server side Validation and Client side Validation.

For developing Presentation Logic we followed the MVC2 pattern .

For Developing Service Layer we have been followed DAO, Template, and
DTO Design Patterns.

	                                                            

		Page   PAGE  5  of   NUMPAGES  5     

 AMARENDRA BABU   Y                                                     
             Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:amar.javadevel@gmail.com" 
amar.javadevel@gmail.com 

	                                                                       
              Mobile:9844403406

	   			Page   PAGE  1  of   NUMPAGES  5 

