From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â mybatisÂ -Â 3year

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -  3 year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â 2yearsÂ Â &current(REsT)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â - 4 year

Design PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â  worked

UML designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   sequence

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â  mavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Eclipse/intellj,sonar/PMD/tomcat and jboss

Aware of reflection/mysql/sqlserver

UDAY KIRAN REDDY .DESAM

uday13121986@gmail.com                                     Mobile No:   
   9966757998

   

Professional Summary: 

Having around 4 Years of IT experience in the development field of
various web applications Using Core Java, Advanced Java, Spring 3.0,
Mybatis, EJB, Struts 1.x,

Web Services (SOAP, Restful), Oracle10g, MySQL.

Having good knowledge in development, deployment of web based
Applications.

Experience in Software development life Cycle (SDLC) involving Analysis
and Development of applications in Java, J2EE.

Good understanding of latest Technologies & business processes.

Good Knowledge on Tools like SONAR, JENKINS etc.

Good Knowledge on testing frameworks like Mockito, Easy Mock, Power Mock
etc.

Good understanding of Design patterns.

Experience in configuring and deploying applications in Tomcat and JBOSS
Application servers.

Employment Status

Working as Senior Software Engineer at Prokarma .From June 2014 to Till
Date.

 Worked in Newgen Software from May 2012 â€“June 2014

Worked in Ektha Software from Nov 2010 â€“ May 2012 

Qualification

B.E (ECE) from SRM University, CHENNAI.With an aggregate of 69%

Certifications

Technical Skills

	Programming Languages	Java

Web Technologies 	SERVLETS,JSP,WebServices(RESTful)

Distributed Technologies	EJB 2.0, 3.0

Service Technologies	JMS,JAAS,JTA,JTS,JPA,Java Mail,JNDI.

Frameworks	 SPRING(2.x,3.x),Struts,HIBERNATE,Mybatis,
Mockito,EasyMock,SpringSecurity(SAML etc )



Databases	Oracle, My Sql , SQL Server

Scripting Languages	JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX

Servers	Tomcat 7,J-Boss

IDE Tools	ECLIPSE,Intellij

Tools	Ant,Maven,SVN,Log4J,JUnit,Sonar,Jenkins,Visio,VP,Jira

Client Side Technologies	HTML, CSS

Project Experience Summary:	

Description	

Volkswagen is a Automotive Company.This portal is related to incentive
management of the company for different vehicles and involves sales of
the vehicles also 

Client	AutoData Solutions(Canada)

Role	Java Developer

Operating System(s)	Windows XP

Skills	Core Java, Spring 3.0, MyBATIS 2.3, Webservices (Restful), Jsp,
Junit, MySQL, Maven, jQuery, KendoUI.



Repository	Perforce (P4v)

Contribution	

Implemented business objects and business logic of the system.

Development of Spring Controller, Service and DAO layer classes.

Development of Junit Test Cases.

Development of User Interface.



Team Size	15



3. Savoya

Frameworks/Web Technologies	EJB2.0

UI Technologies	JavaScript, CSS, HTML, XML, AJAX, JSON

Development Tools	KAWA

(RDBMS) Databases	Oracle

Functional Areas	Automotive 

Programming Languages	Java

Frameworks	Ejb2.0

Repositories	cvs

Project Build Tools	Ant

Operating Systems	Windows

Servers	Jboss



PERSONAL DETAILS

    Name                       :  UDAY KIRAN REDDY.DESAM

    Fatherâ€™s name           :  D.MAHESWARA REDDY

    Date of Birth             :  13.12.1986

    Sex                          :  MALE

Current Address         :  H.No 7 ,Gayatri Gardens, Balaji hills ,

                                    Nizampet road ,Hyderabad.           
                                                                        
                                                                        
                            

    Address                    :  S/O D.MAHESWARAREDDY, 

                                       501-H.R.T residency,

                                       Siddhartha Nagar,	

                                       Vijayawada,

                                       Krishna Dist,

                                       Andhra Pradesh.

   Marital status             :  Single

   Mother tongue            :  Telugu

Languages known	English	Hindi	Telugu	Tamil	German

Speak	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Moderately

Read/Write	Yes	Yes	Yes	No	Moderately



HOBBIES

Reading books.

Collecting stamps.

Meditation

DECLARATION

        I declare that the information and facts stated herein are true
and correct.  I undertake to abide by the conditions of employment
specified by the recruiters and uphold the reputation of our
institution.

Place:  Hyderabad

Date:                                                                   
                                     Signature

1. South East Toyota

Frameworks/Web Technologies	Spring 3.0, Mybatis3.0, Webservices(Restful)

UI Technologies	Marionet, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, XML, AJAX, JSON

Development Tools	Intellij

(RDBMS) Databases	SQl server

Functional Areas	Automotive 

Programming Languages	Java

Frameworks	Spring3.0, Mybatis

Repositories	Perforce(P4v)

Project Build Tools	Maven, Jenkins, Sonar

Operating Systems	Windows

Servers	Tomcat

 

Description	

SET is authorized distributor for Toyota vehicles in USA ,This
application is used for automation of receiving the feeds from Toyota
japan and adding and customizing the vehicles .

Client	AutoData Solutions(Canada)

Role	Java Developer

Operating System(s)	Windows XP

Skills	Core Java, Spring 3.0, MyBATIS 2.3, Webservices (Restful), Jsp,
Junit, MySQL, Maven, jQuery, KendoUI.



Repository	Perforce (P4v)

Contribution	

Implemented business objects and business logic of the system.

Development of Spring Controller, Service and DAO layer classes.

Development of Junit Test Cases.

Development of User Interface.



Team Size	30

 

2. Volkswagen

Frameworks/Web Technologies	Spring 3.0, Mybatis3.0, Webservices(Restful)

UI Technologies	EXT-JS, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, XML, AJAX, JSON

Development Tools	Ecllipse

(RDBMS) Databases	SQl server

Functional Areas	Automotive 

Programming Languages	Java

Frameworks	Spring3.0, Mybatis

Repositories	Perforce(P4v)

Project Build Tools	Maven, Jenkins, Sonar

Operating Systems	Windows

Servers	Tomcat

 

 

 

Description	

Savoya is a Cab provider in usa having its office in Newyork and Dallas,
It also hastie ups with different MNCâ€™s In Providing the shuttle
services, It is also well known for its airport Pick up and drop
Services.

Client	Savoya(USA)

Role	Java Developer

Operating System(s)	Windows XP

Skills	Core Java, EJB 2.0, Html, Junit,ORACLE , ANT, javaScript,Enhydra.



Repository	CVS (P4v)

Contribution	

Implemented business objects and business logic of the system.

Development of Controller, Service and DAO layer classes.

Development of Junit Test Cases.

Development of User Interface.



Team Size	14

 

