502, Pushkraj

Nr. Indira Kids School, Baner

Pune-45

Maharastra 

Email ID    : nitin.mnit2005@gmail.com

Contact no   :  +918600033864 and +918007601472

			

Total Experience of 7 years in IT industry as Java Developer.

Languages		: Java Core,J2EE, SQL, HTML, Java Script, JSP, Servelet.

Operating system  	: Windows, UNIX.  

Server		: Tomcat, Weblogic, JBoss.

Framework	: Eclipse RCP, GWT, SWT, JFace, GEF, Spring, Struts, Ajax,
iBatis, Hibernate.

Other		: Design Patterns, Agile, Multithreading, ATDD.

Skill Details

Technologies worked on:

Eclipse RCP, SWT, JFace, GEF 			Jan 2013 till Now

GWT							Sep 2014 till Now

Spring, Hibernate					Aug 2009 to June 2012

Struts, iBatis						Aug 2009 to Feb 2010

          

Educational Detail		

Completed M. Tech in Software Systems from BITS, Pilani in 2015 with
CGPA 8.7/10.

Completed B. Tech in Computer Engineering from NIT, Jaipur in 2008 with
CGPA 7.45/10. Passed Senior Secondary from D.A.V. ACC Sr. Sec. Public
school with 80.6% in CBSE.

Passed Secondary from D.A.V. ACC Sr. Sec. Public school with 82.6% in
CBSE.

SCJP 5.0:  Sun Certified Java Programmer 5.0 with 91% score [25 Aug,
2008].

SCWCD 5.0: Sun Certified Web Component Developer 5.0 with 97% score [14
Jan, 2009 ].

All India Rank 2047 in AIEEE 2004 to get Admission in NIT, Jaipur
Formerly REC Jaipur.

Experience

COMPANY NAME: S	IEMENS INDUSTRY SOFTWARE INDIA PVT LTD [April 2012 -
Till Now]

1)  Project Name 	     Easy Plan

     Duration                    Sep 2014 – Till Now

     Role	                Developer

     Technology               GWT, GIN, Guice, Maven, Core Java

     Description	Project is regarding development of rich client web
application which will be providing teamcenter user a web interface for
handling most of the basic features of TC client which is a desktop
application.

	

	I took part as a developer for developing some user stories which were
plan of Easy Plan. Agile development methodology was chosen for
development of this project.

2)  Project Name 	     Line Balancing Worker Level

     Duration                    Oct 2013 – Aug 2014

     Role	                Developer

     Technology               GEF, RCP, Core Java

     Description	Project is regarding enhancement of rich client
teamcenter application which will be providing balancing of worker load
working in a station inside a plant. User can plan production and
optimize work better by balancing workers on station.

	

	I took part in complete process of product development process in the
project. Agile development methodology was chosen for development of
this project.

3)  Project Name 	     Time Way Plan Viewer

     Duration                    Nov 2012 – Sep 2013

     Role	                Developer

     Technology               GEF, RCP, Core Java

     Description	Project is regarding development of rich client for
teamcenter application which will be providing details of work done on a
station inside a plant. User can plan production and optimize work
better by planning in viewer.

	

	I took part in complete process of product development process in the
project. Agile development methodology was chosen for development of
this project.

4)  Project Name 	     Shop Floor Planner

     Duration                    April 2012 – Oct 2012

     Role	                Developer

     Technology                GWT, Core Java, Teamcenter, Eclipse.

     Description	Project was regarding development of thin client for
teamcenter application which provides user an option to plan complete
shop floor of a plant. User gets complete visual information of a plant
and minor details on demand. 

	

	My Role was to develop thin client using GWT framework. GWT is latest
framework provided by Google for developing light weight application. 

COMPANY NAME: S	EARS IT AND MANAGEMENT SERIVCES INDIA  [June 2010 –
April 2012]

Worked in various web projects including a web-service project. All
projects were in-house project for retail giant in USA-Canada [Sears and
Kmart]

My role was as main Java Developer and Main technologies involved in
project were Spring, Hibernate, HSQLDB and Domain was Retail.

	

COMPANY: COREOBJECTS INDIA  [Aug 09  to June 10] [A Product Development
Company]

Worked in various web projects for client Medtronics USA. Main projects
involve myHome application for medical patients and myStore application
for medical devices for patient.

I was Java developer in project and Main technology involved Spring ,
Struts, iBatis.

COMPANY NAME : CAPGEMINI INDIA PVT LTD.  [June 2008 to July 2009]

   

Worked in 2 project which involved creation of risk management website
for a French client. Project were creation of website. 

I was junior developer in project with responsibility of developing
small use-cases and creating Junit test-cases for various
functionalities.  

Personal Information

Fathers Name 		:  	Mr. G. A. Paretha

Nationality		:	Indian.

Degree			:	B. Tech , M. Tech

Branch  		:   	Computer Engineering. 

Institute		:    	NIT, Jaipur (Rajasthan) Formerly REC Jaipur [B. Tech]

				BITS, Pilani (Rajasthan) [ M. Tech.]

Permanent address	:  	M/s Umesh Electricals, Bottom Level, Station Road 

				Lakheri. Distt. – Bundi (Rajasthan)

			

 Passport Number	:	G 0685448 

Computer Skills

Achievements 

