VIJAYA KRISHNA P

M: +91-99598-92925

E: vijaykriishna@gmail.com

Summary

Over 6 years of work experience in designing, developing and managing
enterprise web based J2EE applications, platform and product development

Currently working on enterprise software development in BFSI domain

Well-versed with Object-oriented programming using Java 7, development
of mavenized and Ivy applications using GWT 2.0, Sencha GXT (Ext-GWT),
JPA 1.0, EJB 3, Spring and Hibernate 3.x, MyBatis, Enterprise
Application Integration (EAI) with Spring Integration and JMS coupled
with WebSphere MQ MOM, SOAP web services with Oracle 10g PL/SQL and
MySql 5.1

Implemented UI modules and defect resolution using Spring MVC and jQuery
1.10

Knowledge in using Design Patterns and UML 2 using Object Oriented
Analysis and Design principles(OOAD), Data structures and Algorithms

Worked on Scrum based Agile, waterfall methodologies

Technical Skills

	Development:	Waterfall, Agile development using scrum

	Programming:	C and Java 6 & 7

	Front-End:		GWT 2.0, GXT 2.2, Google Kiyaa! XHTML Template System,
HTML, CSS, JSON, 				jQuery 1.10

	Java/J2EE Stack:	Java 7, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, EJB 3, JPA 1.0, Spring
3.0, Hibernate 3.x,

				Spring JMS-MQIntegration 2.2, SOAP Web Services, Maven 3.0, Ivy 2.3

	Unit testing:	JUnit 4.x

	Logging:		Log4J 1.2

	Design Patterns:	Data Access Object, Transfer Object, Singleton,
Adapter, Facade, Composite, 				Strategy & Observer

	Servers:		JBoss 4.2 AS, Apache Tomcat 7.0, WebSphere AS 7.0

	RDBMS:		MySQL 5.1, Oracle PL/SQL 10g

	Dev Tools:		Eclipse 3.x, Oracle SQL Developer, SOAPUI, Tortoise SVN,
Bugzilla, TRAC, HP 				Quality Center, JIRA

	Code Quality:	Cobertura, Check Style, FindBugs, PMD, Sonar

	CI:			Jenkins

	Verticals:		Information Services, Healthcare, Banking and Financial 
Services &Insurance(BFSI)

Work Experience

Senior Software Engineer, CGI from June 2014 - Present

Senior Consultant, Alliance Global Services from June 2011 - June 2014

Software Engineer, PlanetSoft (Now Ebix Inc.) from March 2009 - June
2011

Education

2013 - 2015: Master of Technology(M.Tech) in Software Systems, Birla
Institute of Technology and Science(BITS), Pilani; 8.54 CGPA

	

	Courses: Data Structures & Algorithms, Object Oriented Analysis &
Design, Database design & applications, Software Engineering, Cloud
computing, Computer Architecture & Operating systems, Data mining,
Software Project Management, Pervasive Computing, Data Warehousing,
Software Architectures.

Dissertation: Descriptive & Predictive Analytics of EMO device data
using R-Hadoop platform

2004 – 2008: Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) from Jawaharlal Nehru
Technological University (JNTU), Hyderabad.

Details of the Projects:

PROJECT: PNC Financial Services, USA - PINACLE

Vertical: BFSI

Description: PINACLE is PNC’s corporate online and mobile banking
portal providing a customized banking experience through treasury
management services; helping the company securely and efficiently manage
cash and make decisions. It enables to view the company’s transaction
and account data through Information Reporting services whenever and
wherever it's convenient for the user. It is an agglomerate of multiple
services like Bank Side Admin (BSA), Client Side Admin(CSA), Funds
Transfer(FT), Information Reporting(IR) etc., that the adminstrators,
companies, operators and users have access to based on the roles
assigned to these at entity levels.

Information Reporting services enables search for transactions, share
custom reports, define the period over which the user would likes
information stored and export data for use in external programs such as
Excel, determines entitlements by user function and account to maintain
control over who has access to your company’s financial information,
view account balance and information 24 hours a day.

Responsibilities:

Followed waterfall model of development.

Individual contributor - Involved in direct client interaction

Understanding user stories, Analysis, Design and Development, Testing of
PINACLE product - Information Reporting (IR 3.0) modules

Written technical specification document for Entitlement Service for IR
and Legacy services (CDR and PDR) that is used by PINACLE Portal

Worked on providing work estimates for design implementations and change
requests

Handled change requests for design and implementation changes and defect
resolution of varying range of complexities present in various tiers

Ensured on time deliverables with minimal defects

Validation of the technical specification with onsite team,
Implementation of the technical design, Integration and testing

Accomplishments:

Developed PL/SQL queries integrated with MyBatis

Developed services with Spring Integration to process XML messages
posted on WebSphere MQ for processing entitlements by IR

Developed and executed unit tests using DbUnit and jUnit testing
frameworks for testing DAO mappers and service delegates

Configuration of MQ on WebSphere 7 application server

Used Spring Integration &  JMS components - Message driven channel
adapters, Message converters, Chains, Service activators and
Transformers to process messages enqueued by entitlement changes in
detail entitlements at BSA side

Used JAXB for XML processing - Message Transformation

Designed, Implemented and Integrated client side functionality for
PINALCE Express using Spring MVC and jQuery - for companies and
operators belonging to Express brand and administrators

Design, Development and Defect resolution of reusable components -
Account Control block - using jQuery datatable plugin

Technologies: Java 6, Spring3 MVC, jQuery1.10, MyBatis, JAXB 2.1, SOAP
Web Services, Spring Integration and JMS 2.2, WebSphere 7 AS, Oracle
10g, jUnit 4.11, DbUnit 2.4, Ivy 2.3 and SOAP UI 4.1

PROJECT: McKesson - Provider Manager, USA

Vertical:	Healthcare

Description:	McKesson Provider Manager is a highly flexible, scalable
solution that helps store, represent and manage the rich complexities in
provider information and relationships. It serves as an intelligent
single source for all provider data that supports the information needs
of plans, providers and members. As part of the McKesson Network
Management product suite, in combination with McKesson Contract Manager
and McKesson Reimbursement Manager, McKesson Provider Manager helps
simplify the design, management and servicing of provider networks and
orchestrate value-based reimbursement.

Roles & Responsibilities:

Individual contributor - Involved in interaction with client Solution
Architect for understanding user stories, Analysis, Design & Development
and Testing of Provider Manager product in reduction of technical debt

Followed Kanban development

Developed PL/SQL queries and stored functions

Defect resolving and enhancements

Developed and executed unit tests using jUnit testing framework

Technologies Used: Java 7, Applets, Spring 3.x, Hibernate 3.x, Web
Services, Tomcat 7, Oracle 10g, jUnit 4.4, Maven 3.x

Center of Excellence(CoE) & Accolades:

Demonstrating the use of code splitting in GWT applications, JBoss
clustering, Session Replication, caching frameworks like ehCache and
Distributed caching using Terracotta

Android Dynamic Forms(ADF) - UI framework for developing android
applications, uses JSON as input containing configuration, parses and
generates output forms

Development using Android SDK 14, JSON, OOAD & clean code principles

Research on different chart apis to suit the needs

Developed proof of concepts and demonstration

Awarded Star of the Quarter Q3 - 2012

PROJECT: Yellow Book (Hibu plc), USA

Vertical:	Information Services

Description:	Yellow Book Portal is a product consisting of a set of
applications containing various portals interacting with each other
based on user role. YBD myadvertising is a portal application that deals
with registration of clients and providing various advertising related
centric data which client can review. YBDSupport is an auditing portal
which deals with managing the account’s blocks or unblocks status,
bill status, password reset and audit information. YBD4e is a portal
dedicated to YellowBook internal team which provides customer support.
RCF portal is an independent product which is dedicated towards managing
distribution of RCF numbers and fixing call rates using advertiser’s
proxy call number.

Responsibilities:

Followed Agile methodology – Scrum participant

Requirement Analysis, Design and Development, Maintenance and Testing

Individual interaction with client for requirement analysis for Design,
Development and Testing of YBD product. Provided demos using Proof of
Concepts (POC) whenever applicable

Defect resolving and enhancements

Handled change requests based on requirements, code refactoring

Individually contributed to Design and Development of applications, part
of Requirement Analysis.

Accomplishments:

Increased code coverage using Cobertura

Integrate newly developed components with existing system

Unit testing, Integration testing and System testing

Experience in understanding the specifications required at the UI
implementation.

Experience in design and development of client side functionality using
GWT/GXT – Implemented role management, recording audit information,
and rate calculation in RCF & user specific time zones in YBD. Developed
server side functionality using EJB 3 and JPA.

Developed PL/SQL queries of simple to medium complexity.

Designed custom data caching strategy at UI for improving performance.
Implemented and integrated it with existing system in RCF product.

Proficient in using jUnit framework to developing unit tests for data
converters and GWT services, server side components.

Code clean up and following code standards using Check Style, PMD and
Find Bugs.

Apt and perfect in committing the deliverables on time to the client.

Recommended and Implemented GWT Code Splitting feature in the project
– aimed at improving UI rendering performance.

Developed dynamic portlet construction based on the selected account
type and portlet state in YBD myadvertising product.

Technologies Used: Java 6, GWT 2.1, GXT 2.2, EJB 3, JMS, JPA 1, JAX-WS,
Oracle 10g, JUnit 

4.2, Maven 2.2,JBoss Application Server  4.2, Cobertura, Jenkins, PMD,
CheckStyle, FindBugs

PROJECT: Planet Interact Core Framework v2.0 (PICF)

Vertical:	Life Insurance

Description:	PICF is a services framework built for developing flexible
and scalable n-tier

enterprise products. The founding principle of this framework is to
allow business-driven development through configuration at the
presentation, business logic and data layers using metadata.

Responsibilities:

Followed Agile development methodology

Development and Maintenance

Understand and analyze the business requirements from the Technical Lead

Code analysis, debugging and defect fixing, enhancements and maintenance
of framework components

Demonstrated new enhancements that were added to framework through POCs

Accomplishments:

Formulated and executed JUnit test cases for Form Widgets and Services
of Framework 2.0

Implemented Internationalization (I18N) for framework components

Rolled out the application after thorough unit testing

Deployment on to Tomcat web server

Data Migration from MySQL 5.1 to SQL Server 2005

Technologies Used: Java 6, GWT 2.0, GXT 2.2, Kiyaa Template system,
Spring 3.0, Hibernate 3.x, Web Services, Maven 2.2, Eclipse 3.4, JBoss
4.2, MySQL 5.1

PROJECT: The Policy Processor (TPP)

Vertical:	Life Insurance

Description:	TPP is a new business processing and underwriting system
developed using PICF v2 for life insurance. The information is collected
from both the end-customer and agent through web-based e-forms, as well
as from external data sources for background checks. TPP provides a
means of straight through processing of underwriting information for
medically underwritten as well as jet underwritten cases.

Contributions:

Development and Maintenance

Understand and analyze the business requirements from the technical lead

Code analysis, debugging and bug fixing

Implemented UI design – using XHTML Kiyaa Template System of framework
2.0

Generation of POJOs and Hibernate Mappings from designed database schema
using Hibernate Reverse Engineering

Collaborated with the testing team in resolving technical issues and
adhering to the prompt delivery of application according to the build
release schedule

Rolled out the application after thorough unit testing

Data Migration from MySQL 5.1 to SQL Server 2005

Implemented client side Internationalization(i18n) for the module

Deployment on to JBoss 4.2 Application Server

Developed SQL queries on MySQL 5

Technologies Used: Java 6, Framework: PICF 2.0

PROJECT: Producer 360° view

Description:	A test application developed to test the features unused by
the product

teams, supported by PICF 2.0 and integration test scenarios developed by
the QA. The QA are required to test this application such that the bugs
reported on this application are used to enhance the corresponding
features.

Roles & Responsibilities:

Development and Maintenance

Understand and analyze the integration test scenarios

Code analysis, debugging and bug fixing

Implemented UI design using refactored XHTML Kiyaa Template System of
framework 2

Generation of POJOs and Hibernate Mappings from designed database schema
using Hibernate Reverse Engineering

Collaborated with the testing team in resolving technical issues

Deployment on to Tomcat web server

Technologies Used: Java6, Framework: PICF 2.0

Vijaya Krishna P

  PAGE   \* MERGEFORMAT  5 

                                      TECHPOINT PROFILE

  PAGE   \* MERGEFORMAT  1 

