Narasimha Reddy

                                                                        
     

Mobile:   8971956232                                                    
    E Mail:   ynr.bus@gmail.com

Professional  Summary :  

Having 5 years of Experience in IT Industry, Developing Enterprise
applications using J2SE and J2EE Technologies.

Strong programming skills in Core java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP,Struts2.

Working knowledge in Spring3,  Hibernate frameworks.

Hands on Experience in Tomcat web server.

Hands on experience using VSS, CVS, JIRA, HPQC, Rally tools. 

Having experience using  IDEs Eclipse .

Working Knowledge on Oracle  database.

Working knowledge of Agile Scrum methodology.

Good experience in developing enterprise, web applications by following
SDLC and Agile scrum methodologies .

Excellent team player with commitment, dedication and planning towards
goal oriented tasks and problem-solving skills with good interpersonal
and communication skills.

Education :   

M.C.A( from Osmania University Hyderabad).

B.Sc(from Kakatiya University, Warangal).

Soft Skill Profile :  

Operating System	: 	Windows (2K/ NT/XP)

Languages		: 	Java, J2EE, Java Script, SQL, PL/SQL

Front End 		: 	JSP2.2,  HTML

J2EE Technologies	: 	Servlets3, JSP2.1, JDBC4.0

Frameworks		: 	Spring3,Hibernate4, Struts2

IDE 			: 	Eclipse4.

Servers			: 	Tomcat7

Database		: 	Oracle10g.

Experience Summary :

Working with Mphasis Bangalore as Sr.Software Engineer from May-2010 to
till date.

Project #1 : Javalina

Client		 :  Mphasis Internal Product.

Environment    :  Spring , Hibernate ,Oracle10g, tomcat6,Eclipse4. 		 

Duration	 :  Feb 2014 to till date.

Description:

Javelina's payer platform for health benefits and reimbursement
administration gives you the flexibility required to support ongoing
regulatory mandates and adapt to new value-based care management models.


Its architecture and business-driven configuration ensure optimal
operations performance, while its expanded interoperability maximizes
efficiency of enterprise.

Some of the critical modules in Javelina are â€“ B&A, MFM, Enrollment,
Plan Building, Claims Pricing, Adjudication setup rules,  Claims
Processing, EDI, WebECI, CRM.

Responsibilities:

Involved in Spring & Hibernate integration.

Implemented various configuration files and Mapping files using
Hibernate.

Created various classes and beans files using Spring.

Involved in coding for B & A module.

Responsible for Low level design, and Impact analysis documentation.

Project #2 :  EWS .

Client		   :   AIG  

Environment	   :   AIG Framework , Jsp, Eclipse4, Tomcat6, Oracle10g,
jsp.

Duration		   :   Sep 2012 to Feb 2014.	

Description:

EWS it is an Insurance Application. It provides end-to-end support for
Insurance domain.  This application is deployed in various countries.
Using EWS Clients can issue Warranty certificate to its customers. The
CSR will open a Claim if there is an issue with the product.

Claim contains work orders like job order, purchase order, or refund
order, based on the product status. Once the product is successfully
repaired or replace, the amount will be settled. 

This application provides end to end functionality from Issuing
certificate to Closing the claim and settlement the amount to the user.

EWS contains modules like Users (Internal, External users), WCA, P&S,
Reports, Plan, Program, PPC,CSPC, SISE Endorsement, Settlement modules.

Responsibilities:

Development of the application using AIG Framework

Implemented Controller classes and Config files using AIG framework.

Responsible for the Impact analysis and time estimates for the modules.

Responsible for UAT, and Live deployments environment files preparation.

Implemented remarks functionality across the application.

Involved in SISE endorsement and Settlement modules.

Project #3 : One Net

Client		 :   Vodafone UK  

Environment	 :   Struts2, servlets, jsp, jdbc, java EE,  tomcat6,
oracle10g, eclipse4.

Duration		 :   May 2010  to aug-12.	

Description 	:

	OneNet is used for small and medium organizations,(50-100 employees) .
The objective of this application is to reduce bill cost for Land line
phones in UK, and all calls should be handled. If any call come to Land
line it will automatically forwards to it virtual Numbers, based on the
parameters configured.

This application contains modules Call Forwarding, Call Screening, DND,
UserManagement, Hunt groups, organisational groups.

	

Responsibilities:

Implemented various classes for DND module.

Involved in Call forwarding, and Call screening modules.

Implemented Database coding using jdbc. 

Implemented Various classes using Struts2 and xml files for configure
them.

Implemented JSPs for the DND, Forwarding modules.

