CURRICULAM VITAE

                                              

K.RAJESH                                                                
                                  Plot no-49, HLP   		       Phone:
9959206136 							 Meadows, ICRISAT Colony   HYPERLINK
"mailto:rajesh.kundala@gmail.com" kundala.rajesh@gmail.com 	       				 
            Road, Ameenpur Village

  HYPERLINK "mailto:rajesh.kundala@gmail.com" kundala.rajesh@ rediffmail
 HYPERLINK "mailto:rajesh.kundala@gmail.com" .com                       
                                          Patancheru mandal             
                                                                        
                

                                                                        
                                              Hyderabad 502032.

___________________________________________________________________

OBJECTIVE

To seek a position in a company, where I can apply my technical and
analytical skills, enhance my knowledge and grow continuously along with
the company through consistent and dedicated hard work.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

1.  Working as Senior Software Engineer in Thomson Reuters,
Hyderabad.(Feb 2011- till date)

2.  Worked as Software developer in AVEDAS Innovation Management
solution, Hyderabad (Feb 2010 -    Feb2011).

3.  Worked as Software developer in 3i-Infotech L.T.D, Chennai (Jun
2007- Oct 2009).

4.  7.5 years of Experience in J2SE/J2EE development.

5.  7.5 years of experience in product development (Insurance, Research
and e-learning domains).

6.  Strong understanding of object oriented programming.

7.  Good analytical, oral and written communication skills in English.

8. 1+ year of experience in AGILE.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

     

1.  PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES                                     : JAVA,
J2EE.

2.  IDE                                                                 
                     : Net Beans (6.8/6.9), Eclipse 3.2, SQL            
                 	                                                      
                               Developer, Spring Tool Suite (3.6).

3.  FRAMEWORKS                                                          
      :  Spring 4x, Spring Restful Web services,                        
                                                                        
    	                                                                   
                   Spring OAUTH, Spring Security, Hibernate 4x,         
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                   

                                                                        
                             JSF 1.2, Rich Faces 3.3.

4. WEB TECHNOLOGIES                                                     
: JSP & SERVLETS, HTML                                                  
                                

     

5.  RDBMS                                                               
               : Oracle 10g (SQL, PL-SQL), Post GRE SQL, 							        
     SQL Server 2008.

6. APPLICATION SERVER                                                  
: Glass Fish (2.2), Jboss4.2, Web sphere 6.1

7.  WEB SERVER                                                          
        : Tomcat (7.0)

8.  TESTING TOOLS                                                       
      : JMeter 2.2.

                                                                        
                          

9.   OPERATING SYSTEMS                                                 
: Windows XP/7

10.   ADOBE TECHNOLOGIES                                             :
Adobe live cycle designer. 

 

PROJECT PROFILE

Project #1                                                              
                               ( April 2014 - present)

Title			:  End State product development

Clients			:  CPE’s and Firms in United States.

Role			:  Senior Developer (Java/J2EE)

Team Size		:  5	

Environment  	       : Core java, Spring 4x, Spring OAUTH, Spring
Restful Web services, Tomcat 7,     Hibernate 4x, SQL Server 2008,
Oracle 10g,maven.

                                              .									

Description:

End state aims at bringing all learning management platforms together.
It is migrating from existing CPL, Learn live and Bisk product into one
common platform using latest java technologies.

Responsibilities:

Writing design document for end state prototype module.

Development of end state prototype using spring restful web servcies and
core java.

Developing of middleware layer in end state.

Project #2                                                              
                               (Feb 2011 –April 2014)

Title			:  Checkpoint learning product development

Clients			:  CPE’s and Firms in United States.

Role			:  Developer (Java/J2EE)

Team Size		:  34	

Environment  	       : Core java, JSP & SERVLETS, EJB (2.0), Hibernate
(3.3), SQL Server 2008, Jboss (4.2), Web sphere(6.1) ,Java script,ant.

                                              .	

	

Description:

Checkpoint learning is a Dashboard and complete learning management
system for tax and auditing professionals called as CPE’s. It offers
more than 300 courses in different formats like online, live events,
exams, print based.  It provides reporting, learning reminders, prompts,
compliance tracking and much more .CPE’s can directly purchase and
complete course from checkpoint learning either individual or as part
firm subscription package.

Responsibilities:

Enhancement and support of checkpoint learning product:

Integrated Course player project of harbinger with checkpoint learning
code to create local test environment for the CPL Java Team

Deployed third party LMS (DOKEOS) for CPL Java team to create local test
environment. 

Worked on Adobe technology to create accessible document (PDF) for 508
users.

Worked on enhancements of checkpoint learning (CPL Automation, Product
simplification, 508 compliance).

Production support of CPL.

Project #3                                                              
                               (Feb 2010 –Feb 2011)

Title			:  CONVERIS Product development

Clients			:    HYPERLINK
"http://www.avedas.com/en/article_408/references.html" Karlsruhe
Institute of Technology (Germany)  ,  HYPERLINK
"http://www.avedas.com/en/article_406/references.html" University of
Kassel(Germany), 

  HYPERLINK "http://www.avedas.com/en/article_189/references.html"
MidSweden University(Sweden) ,    HYPERLINK
"http://www.avedas.com/en/article_237/references.html" Leiden 
University ,    HYPERLINK
"http://www.avedas.com/en/article_188/references.html" Karolinska
Institutet  ,                                                           
                                                            HYPERLINK
"http://www.avedas.com/en/article_238/references.html" European
commission - Health Competence  ,  HYPERLINK
"http://www.avedas.com/en/article_180/references.html" Sweden ScienceNet
 ,   HYPERLINK "http://www.avedas.com/en/article_233/references.html"
University of Botswana  .

 Role			:  Java and JSF Developer.

Team Size		:  26	

Environment  	       : Core Java, JSF (1.2) , EJB(3.0) , Rich Faces
3.3,Pretty Faces 1.2, JSP, xml , PostGreSQl 

                                              Jmeter, Java script, CSS,
Agile.

	

Description:

CONVERIS is standard end-to-end Research Information System ensuring
continuously up-to-date information for research assessments,
strengthening grant applications and improving research performance. .

 

Responsibilities:

Development of new feature in CONVERIS for various clients:

Implemented Tag Cloud concept in CONVERIS for public web.

Development of new modules and integrating with the product.

Resolving issues of CONVERIS.

Worked on enhancements of already existing features.

Performance Testing using JMETER and resolving issues produced in the
same.

Project #4                                                              
                               ( March 2009 to  Oct 2009)

Title			: General Insurance

Client			:  D.O.I (Gujarat)

Role			:  Team Member.

Team Size		:  26	

Environment  	       :  Core Java, JSF (1.2) , Rich Faces 3.3 , Oracle
10g, JBOSS 4.2, Apache Tomcat 6.0

Description:

General insurance provides insurance for non life object.

It is divided into 4 modules:

1. underwriting

2. claims

3. billing

4. reinsurance.

Insured takes a proposal which is converted to policy. if any changes
are done to policy, system allows endorsements.

In case of damage to risk he claims some amount from the insurer.

in case of big risks insurance company takes insurance from another
insurance company.

This is called reinsurance.

 

Responsibilities:

Development and migration of  Policy sub Modules and Premium Collection
sub-modules from D2K to JAVA.

Unit Testing of Module.

Standardization of module

Project #5                                                              
          (January 2009 to February 2009)              

Title			: PREMIA Group Pension.

Client			:  All Geographies.

Role			:  Team Member.

Team Size		:  14.	

Environment  	      :  Core Java , JSF 1.2 , Rich Faces 3.3 , Oracle
10g, JBOSS 4.2, Apache Tomcat 6.0

Description:

PREMIA Group Pension module is having capacity to map the Pension
/Annuity/ Superannuation functionalities. 

The Personal Pension Plan (PPP) is a cash accumulation product whose
proceeds are used to purchase retirement pensions. 

Personal Pension Plan is also called as money purchase scheme and
operates as a private individual Defined Contribution Plan designed to
build up a pension fund for retirement.

     

Responsibilities:

Development and migration of Setup and processing sub-modules from
Oracle forms to JAVA.

Unit Testing of Module.

Standardization of module.

Fixing of bugs reported by Testing Team.

Project #6                                                              
                (September 2008 to December 2008)                

Title			:  PREMIA Enterprise Life (Life Insurance)-China Support

Client			:  ELEGON Ltd (Chengdu, China)

Role			:  Team Member (Support to Direct customer calls from china)

Team Size		:  26.	

Environment  	      :  Core Java , JSF 1.2 , Rich Faces 3.3 , Oracle
10g, JBOSS 4.2, Apache Tomcat 6.0,Sql,Pl-sql

Description:

PREMIA Enterprise Individual Life is end-to-end integrated application
software for processing individual life policies. This powerful and
dynamic tool can be rapidly adapted to any business requirements.

Some of the key features of PREMIA Enterprise Life include:

 Ability to pro actively analyze risks with the right kind of business
rules

 An innovative product configuration with user friendly Tariff Set Up

 Developed on the latest J2EE platform using JSF 1.2 framework and
Oracle as  database

 Can be deployed in an Intranet/Internet environment

 Covers all operations of an insurance company such as setting up of
Masters,

  Underwrite policies, Register claims, generate reports and so on. 

Responsibilities:

Support to Customer Direct Calls from china.

Standardization and implementation of new requirements.      

Project #7                                                              
                              (Nov’ 2007 to Aug 2008)

Title			:  PREMIA 11-Billing Module (General Insurance)

Client			:  All Geographies.

Role			:  Team Member 

Team Size		:  15	

Environment  	      :  Core Java, Swing, Oracle 10g, JBOSS.

Description:  The Billing module is a standalone module that uses the
service oriented approach to plug into any insurance legacy system. It
is aimed at meeting the requirement for a separate billing module to
service centralized or outsourced billing scenarios.                

Key Features:               

Configure the Business Rules Engine to suit any type of business
scenarios. Application is purely metadata driven, enabling business
users to easily configure rules and actions.  

Define and configure actions like sending e-mail, sending SMS, execute
Java API, execute stored procedure, run a report etc.

Define various types of bills such as Direct, Agent, List, and Combined.
The Bill Type is definable based on various segments.

Responsibilities:

Worked on various UI’s development. 

Worked on HELP INTEGRATION for the whole module.

Implemented  new requirement in existing sub module 

Bug fixing of UI related issues and functionality of some sub modules. 

KT on whole module to Documentation Team.

Testing of billing module.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

B.TECH (Mechanical Engineering) from P.R.R.M Engineering college (JNTU
Hyderabad affiliation) in 2006.

PERSONAL INFORMATION

NAME                                                                    
: Rajesh Kundala.

AGE & D.O.B.                                                        : 32
years, 30.07.1982.

SEX                                                                     
   : Male.

MARITAL STATUS                                               : Single

NATIONALITY                                                      :
Indian.

PERMANENT ADDRESS                               : Plot no.-49, ICRISAT
Colony road, HLP Meadows, Ameenpur 						           village, Patancheru
mandal, Hyderabad 502032

I hereby declare that the above mentioned particulars are true to best
of my knowledge and belief.                                             
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
     

                                                                        
                  

                                                                        
                                                         (RAJESH
KUNDALA)

