																							          												

                                            Venkata Nagendra Babu				 

Hibernate-2 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â 

SpringÂ Â -3 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â 

Web ServicesÂ Â -1
yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  Â Â 

Core Java- 5.2
yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 

Design
Patterns-exposureÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML designÂ -1
yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)-5 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â 

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Database -MySql / DB2 

					                 

Email:yvnagendrababu  HYPERLINK "mailto:brahma.g4u@gmail.com" @gmail.com
                                                 Mobile:91- 9686653404

	

Professional Summary



Around 5 years of experience in the IT field in Java and J2EE
technologies.

Experience in developing web applications using Java, JSP, Servlets and
Jdbc.

Experience in web application frame works like Struts and Spring.

Having knowledge in ORM tools like Hibernate.

Having working knowledge of Hybris Ecommerce Platform.

Worked in Information and Financial health care, Retail domains.

Possess strong analytical and problem-solving skills.

Having much knowledge in OOPS concepts.

Ability to work with Team and having good communication skills.

Work Experience



Working as Senior Software Engineer in UNISYS, Bangalore from Dec 2014
to till date.

Worked as Application Consultant in Computer Science Corporation (CSC),
Hyderabad from May 2012 to Dec 2014.

Worked as Software Engineer in Nihilent Technolgies pvt ltd, Pune from
March 2010 to April 2012.

Technical Skills

Languages                             :   Core Java

Technologies                          :  JSP, Servlets and JDBC

Frame Works                        :   Struts, Spring, Hybris 

ORMS                                   :   Hibernate 

Web/Application Servers     :   Hudson Integration Server and Apache
Tomcat 

Databases                	  :   My Sql, Sql Server 2005, DB2.

Operating Systems               :   Windows and LINUX 

IDES                                        :   Eclipse, Net Beans

Tools                                       :   SVN Tortoise, I Report,
Ant, JUnit, Aqua Studio, Visio, Toad.

Educational Profile

B.Tech from Acharya Nagarjuna University, Andhra Pradesh  in the year
2008

Project Experience 



Project-1

           Title                            : NIMS

           Team Size                  :  18

           Client	                      :  Nihilent Technologies

           Technology                 : Core Java/J2EE, Struts, spring,
Hibernate  

           Server                         : Tomcat (6.0)

           Role	                       : Developer

           Duration                     : Mar 2010 â€“ April 2012   

 Description:

                NIMS is a comprehensive integrated application software
solution, which has been developed to automate each and every process of
Nihilent Technolgies which includes capturing of all the associateâ€™s
details who has joined Nihilent to associateâ€™s project allocation and
seat allocation, associate foreign travel and associate leave form and
annual appraisal form and pay slip generation of the associateâ€™s are
some of the key processes. This project spans over each and every
department of Nihilent so that the respective departments can carry on
with their day to day work.

Responsibilities:

 Used Struts framework to implement the MVC design pattern in the
application

Created struts-config files and resource bundles for Profile and new
modules using Struts  framework

Extensively used struts Action and Form Classes (Action, Dispatch
Action) which will     validate the input forms (Form Beans populated by
JSP pages) based on the business logic

 Implemented spring IOC module for dependency Injection

Provided database connectivity, mappings, and cache system by using
Hibernate

Used SVN for software configuration management and version control

Involved in Writing J-Unit Test Cases

Involved in maintaining Project Integrated Building activities using
Hudson integration server

Involved in some of the modules data base design and development.

Involved in resolving client requests as a part of day to day support
and maintaining activities which includes from browser related issues to
new enhancements to a particular module.  

Project-2

           Title                            : CMS

           Team Size                  :  6

           Client	                      :  Truven Health Analytics
(Thomson Reuters)

           Technology                 : Core Java, Swings, XSLT, XML

           Server                         : Jboss

           Role	                       : Java Developer/ System Analyst

           Duration                     : May 2012 â€“ Dec 2012.   

 Description:

                  CMS is a Content Management System. Truven Health
Analytics business provides Clinical Decision Support Information to
doctors, nurses, clinicians. It has a team of professionals from the
healthcare domain. This team of experts writes, validate and approve the
content. This is called CPP team or Editorial Team. Content developed by
Truven Health Analytics is Truven Health Analytics proprietary and will
sell content to external parties. Truven Health Analytics also receives
data from external parties. That is called third Party Feed. 

CMS (Content Management System) is the heart of this Clinical Decision
Support Information as it is responsible for pumping up of the
Information in required formats to various downstream applications like
THIDS, THIAS and MEDITECH after processing the raw data fed to it by the
Editorial team or Third Party Feed.

Responsibilities:

Followed Agile Methodologies (SCRUM) as a part of project requirement.

Updating of Rally (Bug Tracker Tool) with daily status as a part of
analysis and solution for a defect.

Used SVN as a version controlling tool for deployment tasks and code
check-in.

Developed Java Programs to reduce manual work such as detection of
invalid ASCII character set in the Clinical Decision Support Information
for some defects and user stories.

Writing database queries on Oracle9i as a part of defect analysis and
solution.

Peer Review and Unit Testing as a part of team work as per requirement.

Learned about Health Care domain by completing various health care
trainings like HIPAA and ICD 10.

Project-3

           Title                            : Enterprise Journals (Local
Check Requests Module)

           Team Size                  :  2

           Client	                      :  Kroger

           Technology                 : Core Java/J2EE, Struts, Jsp,
Jdbc, DB2

           Server                         : Web Sphere

           Role	                       : Java Developer

           Duration                     : Jan 2013 â€“ July 2013   

 

Description:

                     The Enterprise Journals (EJ) Application is the
Kroger standard interface for entering Local Check Request Details into
the Vendor Payment System (VPS).  The application includes the code
required to accomplish all of the functions necessary for ensuring Local
Check Requests data is captured, processed and maintained.

The local check process is a very manual process involving emails,
faxes, and paper.  Kroger would like to create an electronic submission
module using the EJ approval process so that a user can submit the local
check and detail into the system - the information would route to the
appropriate approver and submit the payment to VPS. Finally, all the
paperwork/approvals would be housed in this program to reduce paper
storage.

Responsibilities:

Gone through the Requirements Document for Local Check Module and
analyzed the requirements.

Finalized the client requirements after having discussions to get
clarification on some of Requirements.

Developed Local Check Module User interfaces (GUI) with required and
necessary validations of data to be keyed in by the user.

Developed Some UI Components like Calendar control and Ajax Text Box
using Java Script. 

Developed POJO, Action and Service layer classes as a part of Local
Check Module Development.

Writing database queries on DB2 as a part of development of DAO layer
for interaction with Data Base.

System Testing and Fixing of defects identified as per the UAT testing
and peer testing.

Usage of SVN as a part of Project Maintenance.

Project-4

           Title                            : EStore

           Team Size                  :  3

           Client	                      :  EMC

           Technology                 : Hybris, Spring

           Server                         : Hybris

           Role	                       : Hybris/Spring Developer,
Application Support

           Duration                     : Aug 2013 â€“ Present   

Description:

                     EMC Estore is a website for the customers who want
to Browse through the various products and Quote their Products for the
submission as Anonymous user, Authenticated and Web user. One of the
primary goals of the EMC Store is to drive inbound demand for EMC
products.  To support this demand, web users of the EMC store can
contact EMC in a variety of ways 

The EMC store is catalog-driven. The store design has only 8-12 page
templates for displaying product and category content for many current
and future pages.  The content is managed using a product catalog with
business rules that the eBusiness team controls. From this catalog,
hundreds of pages are created using the 8-12 template pages. Users find
products through faceted search and dynamically created navigation
menus. Individual page URLs are also dynamically generated and can be
dependent on the navigation path taken as well as the individual product
or category IDs. As new products and product categories may be added
weekly, the set of existing URLs on the store will increase regularly

Responsibilities:

Added new filter to Estore work flow for preventing cross site scripting
vulnerabilities for Estore

Application related Urls.

Developed new item type, Product Cockpit UI, Admin Cockpit UI
components, FaÃ§ade classes, DAO, Service layer classes as a part of
enabling business users to modify the contents of Robots.txt on fly.

Added new attribute type for Product Model Item in HMC and Product
Cockpit for enabling various business users to change the title and meta
title tag of product details page as per their requirement 

Modified existing controller classes to provide business users, the
ability to execute the Java Script code in each and every page of Estore
web site through properties file modification. 

Modified existing functionality to make request parameters to get
retained in Urls which are used to add products to the cart directly.

Done Poc on handling null cart entries and validating previous cart
entries with current session cart entries and notifying the users and
thus saving the time for users from filling the contact form.

Automated the process of updating the sitemap.xml contents for business
users by creating a item type in admin cockpit with text area attribute
with WYSIWYG editor for adding/modifying the sitemap.xml contents and
forming the xml file on fly.

Created a new web service consumer class using spring framework to call
new web service to fetch user profile details from NGOE application and
map with user groups in Hybris platform.

Worked on scheduled Estore release activities as a part of work routine.


Worked on Application support and incidents as a part of daily
activities.

