From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3 year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -  3 year
&
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 

Web ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -1
yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â 
3.5 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â 3
YearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â  no

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â  Mav
en

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Apache Tomcat /eclipse/

SANJAY  KUMAR  GUPTA                                                    
  

Email Id:sanjaykumargupta902@gmail.com

Mobile No: +91-9731297367

                                                                        
                            

Objective:

To get a responsible and growth oriented position in an organization
where there is a scope of contributing and updating knowledge and skills
for the development of self and organization.

Experience Profile:

Currently working as Associate Consultant  for Manthan Software Services
Pvt Ltd March  2014 to till date

I have worked as Software Engineer for Instech Global Solutions PVT. LTD
Bangalore from July 2011 to March-2014. 

Experience Summary:

Having 3.2 years of experience on Java, Jee and java framework Software
. 

Strong Programming skills in J2SE, J2EE,Object-Oriented analysis &
design.

Developed and Implemented MVC Architecture.

Having Good Experience in Struts1.3, Hibernate3.2.

Good experience in Spring â€“IOC,Spring-MVC.

Having good knowledge and experience in Design Patterns  to develop
Applications.

Experienced with IDEs Eclipse .

Having Experience with IDEâ€™S i.e. STS.

Strengths:

Good ability in understanding business application, business data flow
and data relations in between them.

Good Team member and also has ability to work independently with minimal
supervision to meet deadlines.

Capability to adapt to new tools and technologies.

Ability to take up responsibilities.

Self motivated, hard working and goal-oriented with a high degree of
flexibility, creativity, 

Resourcefulness, commitment and optimism. 

Educational Credentials:

B.Tech(C.S.E) from N.H.C.E(BAMU University) Aurangabad(Maharashtra))
Parli-v in 2011with 63%.

Technical Proficiency:

Skill/Category

	Experienced	Awareness



Programming languages	Java	C

Operating Systems	Windows XP

	DataBase Softwares	Oracle10g(SQL)

	Web Technologies	Html, JavaScript, Ajax	CSS,XML 

JSE Technologies	Jdbc 

	JEE Technologies	Servlets, Jsp

	Frameworks	 Spring(2.5) Struts1.3	-------------------

ORM Tools	Hibernate-3.2	-------------------

Servers	Tomcat-6.x

	IDE	MyEclipse(8.x+9.x),NetBeans(6.x)	------------------

SOA	WebServices  (Jax-Rs Api)                                           
          

	Logging Tool	Log4j-1.x

	Build Tool

Maven, ANT-1.x

Version Controls	CVSNT-2.x

	Unit Testing	JUnit(3.x+4.x)





	Report Generation

JasperReports-3.x, IReports-3.x



Project Profile:

Project #1         : For Manthan Software Services Pvt Ltd from  March 
2014 to till Date.                         

Title                    :  ARC Market Research Analytics.

Client Org          : Ipsos		         	                                 

Environment     : Java 1.5,Servlet , Jsp , Spring-IOC,
Spring-MVC,Spring-AOP,Hibernate,                                        
                                

                              Sql ,Apache POI ,Tomcat 6.x ,Ajax,
JavaScript.

Team Size          : 06

Role                    : Developer 

Responsibilities:

Involved to develop simulator display pie chart dashboard for product
categories. 

Provide price optimization for every category of products.

Provide Price Details and Planner of  Products.

Provide sales for market Area in every States.

Involved to develop uploading category and brand in database.

Involved to develop download the excel file for every category.

Implementation of MVC architecture, Business Delegate, Data Transfer
Object (DTO)  design Pattern.

Providing weekly details for every  product sales status using area
chart .

Synopsis: 

    ARC Market Research Analytics is aÂ business
intelligenceÂ productÂ that helps youÂ uploadÂ excel Â fileÂ and
canÂ generate dashboards and graphs that get populated from the excel
Â data.In dashboard the admin can see all the product category price and
sales chart .The admin can insert data in two ways i.e by using the
product creation form and by uploading excel file.Â The product also has
features ofÂ drag and drop button to select measureÂ and minor
measurements.Â The product has pre-built dashboards that can be easily
customized as per user preferences and different formats like Excel,
PPT, Download Files etc.

Project #2         : For Instech Global Solutions PVT. LTD from Feb 2013
to Dec 2013.                         

Title                    : Synthite

Client Org          : Synthite Industries LtdÂ (Synthite)		         	   
                             

Environment     : Java 1.6,
Spring-IOC,Spring-MVC,Spring-AOP,Hibernate,Tomcat 6.x ,                 
                                                        Team Size       
  : 04

Role                    : Developer

Responsibilities:

Involved in development of Admin module, Raise of Enquiry, Upload
Contract, Involved in development enquiry, Product, Download Enquiry
Details.

Involved in development of Admin module all the uploading and
Downloading through Cron jobs using Quartz Scheduler.

Involved in development of Admin module in dash Board for Notification
of Enquiry ,Order Status.

Implementation of MVC architecture using DAO, Business Delegate, Data
Transfer Object (DTO)  design Pattern.

Configuring the servers, database and deploying the war files in
application server. 

Designing the interface for users.

Handling the complete persistence logic layer using Hibernate.

Involved in Validation of user datas.

.

Synopsis: 

The main objective of this project is to provide online services to
client, using this services customer can place orders, purchase the
product, delivery options, product details, delivery status and provides
customer reviews etc. this project is very convenient way to provide
online services to client who actually wants to do online business
efficiently. 

Project #3          : For Instech Global Solutions PVT. LTD from May
2012 to Jan 2013.                         

Title                    : E-Billing Generation      	                  
              

Client Org              :EGS

Environment     : Java 1.6,Spring-IOC,Spring-AOP,Spring-MVC,

                               Hibernate3.2,Tomcat 

Team Size          : 06

Role                    : Developer

Responsibilities:

Implementation of MVC architecture using DAO, Business Delegate, and
Data Transfer Object (DTO) design Pattern.

Configuring the servers, database and deploying the war files in
application server. 

Designing the interface for users.

Handling the complete persistence logic layer using Hibernate.

Involved in Validation of user datas.

Unit Testing using JUnit.

Synopsis: 

E-Billing Generation means Online invoicing and time tracking service
that enables business professionals to quickly and easily create, send,
track and manage invoices. With no finance or technical skills needed,
paid faster. EGS will also improve its customerâ€™s cash flow. Research
shows that small EGS enables to devote more time to earning money, look
stunningly professional and get companies that use tools like EGS get
paid on average 14 days quicker.

Project #4         : For Instech Global Solutions PVT. LTD from July
2011 to March 2012 .                         

Title                    : I-Campus 

Client Org          : Ganpat University, Mehsana (Gujarat)		         	  
                              

Environment     : Java 1.6, Spring-IOC,Spring-AOP,Struts1.3,Hibernate3.2


                               Tomcat.

Team Size          : 06

Role                    : Developer

Responsibilities:

Involved in development of Admission module, Timetable, Academics
modules.

Implementation of MVC architecture using DAO, Business Delegate, Data
Transfer Object (DTO)  design Pattern.

Configuring the servers, database and deploying the war files in
application server. 

Designing the interface for users.

Handling the complete persistence logic layer using Hibernate.

Involved in Validation of user datas.

Unit Testing using JUnit.

Team Coordination.

Synopsis: 

The main objective of this project is to automate the services provided
by ICampus, by which customer can use all the services online. It
provides so many services to their customers such as he can see the
Result, attendance, message, different departments, Academics,
Admission, Examination, Placement Cell , Events Calendar, Sports and
Cultural, Photo Gallery etc.

Personal Dossier:

Name		  : Sanjay Kumar Gupta

DOB		  : 12-Oct-1988		                                            

Place                 : Bangalore                                       
                                             

                                                                        
                            

                                                             

