Team size:7

Spring & hibernate: 4 years

Webservices: SOAP

Build tools: mAven

Oracle sql

Application : websphere

Design patter : yes

     

  Krishna V

Mobile: +91-9014440556							         vidalakris77@gmail.com

========================================================================
==========

 Professional Summary

6.6 Years of IT experience with expertise in Analysis, Design, and
Development of Applications in different environments (Web Applications,
Client Server Solutions) with emphasis on Java, and J2EE.

3 years of experience in Telecom domain using the IBM tool Selectica –
Order Management Tool.

Solid management skills, demonstrated proficiency in leading and
mentoring individuals to maximize levels of productivity while
performing cohesive team environments.

Technology expertise in Java, Java Enterprise Technologies, Spring
Framework, JSF Framework, Hibernate Framework, SQL, web services and
JUnit testing.

Possess expertise in Object-Oriented Analysis/Design and Java
Development, skilled at progressing from problem statement to
well-documented designs.

Analytical thinker that consistently resolves ongoing issues, often
called upon to consult on problems that have eluded resolution by
others, and skilled in all aspects of the software development life
cycle (design to release).

Good exposure to AGILE Scrum methodology

 EXPERIENCE IN CONCISE

Working with Prolifics Corporation Pvt Ltd (Formely known as
SemanticsSpace technologies Ltd), Hyderabad: May 2012 - till date

Worked with Reliance Tech Services Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad: Aug 2007 - April
2012.

Worked with ESN Technologies Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad: September 2005 - April
2007.

Worked with SEEC Technologies Asia Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad: June 2004 - June
2005 as Customer Support- Engineer.

 EDUCATION

Master of Computer Applications from Madurai Kamaraj University with
First Division.

Bachelor of Science from Osmania University with First Division.

Intermediate from Board of Intermediate with First Division.

S.S.C from Board of secondary Education with First Division. 

 CERIFICATION

GNIIT from NIIT.

 TECHNICAL ACQUAINTANCE 

Technologies	: JAVA, JDBC, Servlets, JSP.

Web Technologies	: HTML, JavaScript, XML, AJAX, Primefaces

Frameworks	: JSF2.0, Hibernate 3.0, Spring3.0

Databases				: Oracle 9i, MySQL 4.1, PostgreSQL

Servers				: Tomcat 6.x, BEA WebLogic 8.1, IBM Websphere 7

Platforms				: Windows 2000/XP, Solaris

IDE					: Eclipse 3.1, MyEclipse4.0, NetBeans6.0

Build Tools				: Maven

Tools					: Selectica 6.7/8.2, Win CVS, Rational - Clear Case, Clear 

  Quest

 WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr Software Engineer – Application development, Component design and
development

Project:	WJB Enterprise Post Closing

Client:	WJB (William J Bradley)

Duration:	December 2013 to till date

W. J. Bradley is a mortgage banking organization that originates loans
for residential mortgages and also purchases loans from other mortgage
originators through their Correspondent Lending business, for resale to
secondary market investors. The Correspondent Lending business desires
to develop a Correspondent Lending application to manage and facilitate
the loan purchase review process, enable their correspondent lending
customers to easily do business with them, and deliver loans to
secondary market investors.

Responsibilities

Involved in requirements gathering discussions

Responsible for giving the estimates

HLD and LLD preparation for the components

Prepared initial environment and configuration

Coding & unit testing

Handled key components

Integration with other modules

Working as off shore coordinator to deal with daily technical issues and
queries for off shore and on shore. 

Environment:

Java 1.7, Spring Core, Spring MVC, Hibernate3.0, JPA 2.0, Oracle, Maven,
Web sphere Application Server 8.x and DOJO.

Project:	ESS (Enterprise Sales and Service)

Client:	HNB (Huntington National Bank), USA

Duration:	June 2011 to Nov'13

Enterprise Service System (ESS) is an enterprise front-end portal that
enables bankers to service customers efficiently and effectively by
centralizing all business functions in one location. It provides an
integrated single point of access to a large number of existing
Huntington IT Online Services. ESS supports a number of business areas,
each having different presentation and service requirements.

Responsibilities

Participate in technical design, development of the application. 

Coding & unit testing for the assigned components

Consumed web services in service layer

Integration with other modules

Implemented cache component

Handled multiple CRs

Environment:

Java 1.5, Spring Core, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Web Service, Oracle,
Maven, Web sphere Application Server and DOJO.

Project:	Rgold (Gold Saving Plan)

Employer:	Surat Diamond and Gitanjali Lifestyle Limited      

Gold Savings Plan (GSP) which will offer customers a plan to accumulate
Gold Grams in small quantities at periodic intervals and at the end of
the term offers them redemption in Gold Coins & jeweler.

GLL & RMIL will use this software. This is basically sales/outlet
activities/back office operation software, which will keep control on
all sales, outlet activities & back office operation. In GSP Module,
Gold accumulation and and Payment transfer to RMIL entry done through
GLL Store In charge

GSP RMIL Login where the gold grams purchase through vendor on the basis
of GLL Gold request & sale to GLL with VAT invoice.

 GSP will be major components such as new Customer module, Payment
module, Redemption Module, PIS generation, Price updating, Conversion
and Reports.

Responsibilities

Involved in BRS, SRS & Design Documentation

Responsible for implementing Development, Code-Review and release
process for the project.

Involved technically in leading the development team along with tracking
the projects on a daily basis.

Responsible for writing process related documents for each phase of the
project

Responsible for release process and extensive support to System
Acceptance Test Team & Production team.

Environment: Java, JSP, JDBC, Spring, XML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX,
log 4j, Websphere 6 & Oracle 9i 

Project	: 	Wireline Order Entry Management System (Selectica)

Employer	:	Reliance Communications

This application is designed for capturing customer details pertaining
to personal, contact, payment, service and many other entities during
customer acquisition process for various wireline voice and data
services provided by service provider, Reliance Communications. While
providing the required details, application will facilitate the customer
for subscribing the services provided by the service provider through
the CAF entry process. The application acts as an Internet Selling
System (ISS) where user can derive the required options from the list of
quotes available.  During the selection process of required options,
user will be made available with all the attributes defined by the
service provider.  Based on the applicability of service subscription by
the customer, the system applies certain business logic/rules for
deriving the final attribute by narrowing down the selection.  Different
logical filters are applied at multiple levels on the available quotes
and final applicable value is derived which is required by the customer.
During the CAF entry process, various validations will be applied on the
user data in order to acquire refined information from the customer to
avoid any future ambiguity and also to abide with all the business
rules. The integration with other external systems such as eNIMS, OMS is
also established by this application to validate certain subscriber
numbers and validating the existing customers respectively.  Also, the
application will generate critical numbers such as Customer Account
Number (CAN), Billing Account Number (BAN), Order Tracking Number (OTN)
which are further used by other external systems such as ADC Billing,
CRM and OMS down the line for final service order generation and for
processing future customer requests.  The final output will be a
generated refined XML which contains multiple Profiles viz., CUSTOMER
PROFILE, SERVICE PROFILE, PAYMENT PROFILE, LOCATION PROFILE and each
profile containing various attributes. 

Currently the application supports 25+ services/products viz., ACS, ELL,
LL, MPLS VPN, LCO, VCN, VCB, IPLC, FMC VPN, DIA, FLP, RAMPLS, RBO, RSN,
PRS, ITFN, IPTV, EWAN, VTS, VSS, IVS, SME, PBX TRUNKS, ISDN PRI,
Summary, Proposals.  All the above process is applicable for an
Individual customer as well as Enterprise customers.  Some of the above
products are also provided to Global customers who subscribe for the
services out of India.  

Role and Responsibilities: 

Analyzing and understanding the Business Requirements

Reviewing the Functional Requirements

Providing the feasibility & impact  analysis of the Requirements

Technical Design, Development of CRs / BRs (new / maintenance Products)

Reviews at different stages of SDLC

Technical Support to Team Members

Support to Internal Testing, SAT/SIT (System Acceptance/Integration
Testing), UAT(User Acceptance Testing) Environments

Deployment and post deployment support to Production (Real Time
Application)

Analyzing and fixing of the critical issues found at Development,
Testing and Production environments

Maintaining the version controls during the maintenance of the
application

Environment : Tomcat 5.5, Solaris 10, Oracle 10g, Selectica 9.2, Java
1.5, Allaire HomeSite Webbuilder, Eclipse 3.1, Javascript, HTML,
Selectica Configurator Server, Selectica Quoter Server, SMC

