PROFILE SUMMARY

3.1 years of experience in IT Industry in Developing JAVA and J2EE
applications. 

Proficient in Java/J2EE technologies with programming experience in Java
Web application development 

Hands on experience in programming in Spring 3.0, Hibernate framework. 

Experience with technologies such as JSP, Servlet, JDBC, HTML, JQuery,
htaccess redirects and SQL programming. 

Have used  tools like HPQC , SVN.

Good communication, interpersonal skills, and presentation skills, good
team player, and customer oriented attitude. 

Java Developer

PROJECT DETAILS:-

P&G GWSC PROJECT:

Have worked around 3 years in Atos India for P&G GWSC (Procter and
Gamble - Global Web Solution Center) for development projects, have
created web pages for P&G site using JSP , Servlet, Hibernate ,Xhtml,
JSF and spring.

Description:

It is a project about baby care products. This project gives totally
information about the baby’s and Mom health .It contains many
informative and interactive, dynamic pages related to many sections
related to baby. It requires location for many countries with
customizations and new additions of functionality as per respective
country’s demand. This project contains Tag cloud, Forum, Blog, and
Google Map.

Responsibilities:

o Implementing Rating & Reviews by integrating BV API , implementation
of Bright tags. o Implementing online retailers for products.

o	I have been part of the team responsible for the development of card
based architecture using custom JSF tags.

o  Development of important pages related to user profile management.

o  Provide application support and work on customer requests on a
priority basis.

Performed data extraction, transformation, and loading; implemented
extended relational database and supported the migration of data from
flat file to relational database 

As a team member is responsible for

Developments, enhancements and maintenance of modules as per
client/end-user requirements with proper maintenance of quality
standards. 

Communication with customers for requirement gatherings, clarifications
etc 

Intake Analysis, Freezing of requirements, Design Analysis, Impact or
Solution analysis , Developer and tester user Guide and Technical
documents preparation(code review, BTM preparation) of the project. 

Review of documentation, developments and test cases done by peers. 

Conducting technical and standard quality audits for other projects. 

Following procedures as defined by customer standards 

giving induction and KT to new team members as well as freshers. 

EDUCATION

B.E 2011(Computer Science and Engineering) with 75% from Birla institute
of technology Mesra, Ranchi.Java Developer

PERSONAL PROFILE

Name	: Shashi Shankar

Date of Birth	: 07th December,1989

Languages Known : English, Hindi

Mobile	: +91 9765313085

Email	: shashi_bit07@yahoo.in

Passport	: Yes

Address	: Pune, Maharastra.



+

.

/

6

7

8

9

G

K

U

b

c

i

j

l

„

ˆ

Á

Ä

Å

Ë

Ú

Ý

Þ

ä

å

ç

ÿ

,

-

.

/

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

9

H

I

J

K

`

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

†

‡

ˆ

Â

Ã

Ä

Å

Æ

Ç

È

É

Ê

Ë

Û

Ü

Ý

Þ

ß

à

á

â

ã

ä

 

"

6

B

D

F

Z

\

b

d

~

‚

„

ˆ

¬

°

²

´

È

Ê

Ð

Ò

ê

î

ð

ô

 

-

 

"

8

:

<

>

@

B

D

F

ሀF

H

J

L

N

P

R

T

V

X

Z

\

^

`

b

f

€

‚

†

ˆ

ጀˆ

®

°

²

´

¶

¸

º

¼

¾

À

Â

Ä

Æ

È

Ê

Ì

Î

Ð

Ô

ጀÔ

ì

î

ò

ô

h¾ÑCJ

OJQJaJ

 information furnished above is factually correct.

Date : 23-07-2014

Place : Pune                                                            
                  SHASHI SHANKAR

