From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  1 year
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â -  1.5
years &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  -  1.5 year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2.5years

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  singleton

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Apache Tomcat /eclipse/jboss/weblogic

DB:oracle

				

ASFIYA TABASSUM SHAIK

  HYPERLINK "mailto:asfiya.12791@gmail.com"  asfiya.12791@gmail.com 

+91-8142922400

OBJECTIVE:

	

To utilize the experience and knowledge gathered during past years, to
create new value in different functionalities of Technological Services
over the time period, to participate, lead, show growth in quantitative
terms, and make company grow along with me.

	

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY:

Currently working as a Software Engineer for PROKARMA SOFTECH Ltd from 2
and half years.

Extensive experience in MVC Architecture, Spring, hibernate, Wicket,
Angular JS Web based Applications, standard Applications using JAVA,
J2EE.

Actively involved in various project phases: Functional Specification,
Business Logic and Design, Identifying the key Abstract Classes, Coding
and Documentation.

Highly skilled in developing Client/Server applications using JAVA,
J2EE, SPRING, WICKET, XML, JMS, and HIBERNATE (Object-Oriented
programming concepts).

Well skilled in using AGILE and SMART methodologies.

Reliable, resourceful and efficient team player with leading capability,
able to adapt quickly to new environment

EDUCATION:

Education	University	College	Marks Secured	Year of Passing

B.Tech	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University	Prasad.V.Potluri
Siddhartha Institute of Technology	  70%	2012

Intermediate	            - 	Sri Chaitanya	88.1%	2008

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

LANGUAGES	 Core Java, Advanced Java

DATABASES	 Oracle, SQL

TECHNOLOGIES		 HTML, XML, XML-Beans, XMF, CSS, JS , JAXB

J2EE TECHNOLOGIES		 JDBC, JSP, JMS.

FRAMEWORK		Spring, Wicket, Angular JS

ORM TOOLS	Hibernate.

						

PROJECT DETAILS (COMPLETED AND ON-GOING)

 

PROJECT NAME            :   Driver Qualification System (Union Pacific
Rail Rd. OMAHA.)

PROJECT DURATION    :  Juneâ€™2013 â€“ till date



The DQS system is intended to recruit drivers.  It allows the driver to
fill all the forms to go through the qualification process to qualify
them selves to drive a vehicle. Administration department  verifies the
forms to qualify the driver based on the information provided by the
driver.  Once the driver gets qualified they are allowed to drive the
vehicle and the driver needs to go through the requalification process
if any form gets expired or medical exam or drug exam failed.  This
driver goes through the qualification process again to drive the
vehicle.

               This system interacts with other systems filenet, FTP
server, and other applications to retrieve the data for the drivers.



Responsibilities:

As a software engineer performed following duties

Configuration for XMF service.

Converting XML to object and vice versa using XML-Beans, JAXB

Involved in configuration of timers and schedulers using Spring, IOC and
spring JDBC.

Involved in coding of Business layer , UI layer.

 Involved in Unit Testing.



Environment: Windows XP, XML-Beans, JMS, Spring, Spring  JDBC, SQL
Server, Eclipse IDE, Spring MVC, angular JS.





  PROJECT NAME     	  :   HELP DESK		

				



  PROJECT DURATION   :   Septâ€™ 2012- Junâ€™ 2013





Help Desk application helps employees to create a ticket for the issues
they are facing in any particular department. When a ticket request is
raised a mail is sent to the concerned person of that particular
department and the issue will be resolved once it is resolved the ticket
will be closed by that particular department person.



Responsibilities:

Developing UI pages for the users to create the tickets using HTML 5 and
CSS 3.

Involved in the project development from the scratch.

Involved in configuration of the project.

Worked on the business layer and database layer.



Environment:

	Windows 7, Wicket, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Spring IOC.



TRAINING PERIOD:  

Junâ€™ 2012 â€“ Septâ€™ 2014

	

PERsonal dossier:

Date of Birth		:	12th July 1991.

Marital Status	         :	Single.

Languages Known	:	English, Telugu, Urdu & Hindi. 

