From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2.4 yr and current

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â   2.4 yr and
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
-  no
handsonÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  6.8 year

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
-Â worked

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â   No

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Maven

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Eclipse,jboss

himansu.meher @gmail.com							

9849577400                                                              
                                                                        
                                                   

======================================================================

I am a software engineer having 6years 8 months of experience with clear
and good understanding of Object Oriented Programming concepts (OOP)
JAVA as a basic skill set. 

As a quick Learner and a strong understanding capability, is capable of
switching to any domain or functional area and skill set easily within a
limited time frame. 

Basically a person with very positive attitude and can give its best
commitment towards its employer and adheres to all the quality processes
and techniques required to deliver optimum quality results for an
organization.

Academic Profile 

Passed B.E. in Information Technology from Utkal University,
Bhubaneswar, Odisha.                                                    
             

Passed 10+2  in science from Jawaharlal college, Patnagarh , Odisha.

Passed 10th from RamaiHighSchool, Patnagarh, Odisha .

Professional Experience 

Working as senior software developer at Prokarma Softech Pvt. Ltd from
June 2012.

Worked as a software developer at ADP, Hyderabad from October 2010.

Worked as a software engineer at Symphony Services, Bangalore from Feb
2008.

Hands on experience on server-side development using Java1.6, Spring,
Hibernate, Servlet2.3 and JSP1.2 using Tomcat, IBM WebApplicationServer 
 Jetty web server, IBM RAD.

Good working Experience in object-oriented component analysis and
implementation according to industry leading J2SE and J2EE standard.

Certification

	Oracle Certified Java Programmer (75% , October-2011)

Technical Skill Set 

Hands on Experience 

Java , Spring, Hibernate,  html, xml

Servlet2.3 ,  JSP1.2

JUnit, TestNG

My Eclipse , Jetty

Windows xp, Windows 7, Unix VM. 

Awareness 

C, C++, JBuilder, Tomcat, Weblogic,  JSF, EJB, GreenHat,Struts,JMS

Strengths and Achievements

A committed team player, self-starter, multi-tasker, detail oriented
with good communication and presentation skills.

Sincerity, dedication, confidence and positive attitude.

Adaptable to any environment and can manage competing demands and
changes according to the situation.

Gift of hard work and commitment to work. 

Excellent team building skills and leadership qualities.

Work effectively as a part of a team.

Project Details -:- 

Project # 1:               TerminalManagementInventory		UPRR

Aug -2012  to  present  for Prokarma

Technologies

Java1.6, Servlet2.3, Spring, Hibernate

Jetty web server

Role and Responsibilities 

Developed and implemented modules of the applications using Object
Oriented Programming fundamentals and Spring framework.

Act as a point of contact for team for the dedicated modules or on
technical matters and provide support as necessary.

Mentor developers with best practices, procedures and concepts.

Fix defects in code and participate in peer reviews and program testing.

Project Summary

TMI is an inventory management project which deals with trains
shuffling, yarding, receiving and departing at terminals.

Processes inbound and outbound trains .

Processes equipment shuffling and classification.

Project # 2:               Pay-Expert			ADP Private Ltd.

Oct -2010  to  Jun-2012  for ADP

Technologies

Windows Xp.

Java1.6, JSP1.2, Servlet2.3

 IBM RAD, IBM WebApplicationServer, UNIX VM.

Role and Responsibilities 

Developed and implemented modules of the applications using Object
Oriented Programming fundamentals and spring framework.

Act as a point of contact for team for the dedicated modules or on
technical matters and provide support as necessary.

Mentor developers with best practices, procedures and concepts.

Fix defects in code and participate in peer reviews and program testing.

Project Summary

Pay-Expert is a payroll processing project which processes payroll for
its client.

Process payroll your way with customizable pay data grids.

Access employee and payroll data via a library of standard reports.

Create custom reports on the fly utilizing your payroll, HR and time and
attendance data. 

Reduce administrative tasks with user-friendly manager and employee
self-service features. 

Simplify compliance tracking with innovative new hire reporting and wage
garnishment processing features. 

Project # 3:              Jupiter-Excalibur		Symphony Services

Feb -2008 to Sep-2010 for Hitachi

Technologies

Windows Xp, Java1.5, JSP1.2 ,UCosminexus8.0

Role and Responsibilities 

Desktop Management Module coding, testing and PCL execution.

Setting up the development environment for team members, that involved
Cosminexus, HiRDB, JP1DTnavi setup. 

Project Summary

JP1 is a suite of enterprise-class tools for managing distributed
enterprises. Desktop Navigation allows system administrators to monitor
devices on the network, ensuring security, IT compliance and
environmental friendliness.

This project is a web-based application focused on System
Administration. Using this product, all the workstations located within
an organization or any other network can be monitored and updated in
real-time. This product will deliver all the features that can be
utilized by a System Administrator to locate, monitor and update at
real-time. 

The main modules of this product include Desktop Management, Security
Management, Network Management and Discovery management.

Personal Profile

 Date of birth          :  13/Aug/1981

 Sex                       :   Male

 Marital status        :   Married

 Nationality             :   Indian

 Language              :   English, Hindi and Odiya                 				

                                                                        
        

Place: Hyderabad                                                        
                       Himansu Sekhar Meher

  PAGE   \* MERGEFORMAT  5 

