From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â  2 year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -  2
year&currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â  - 
NAÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 3years

Design PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -NoÂ Â Â  

UML designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -NoÂ Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â  Ant-2.5yearsÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Apache Tomcat 6.0/ Web logic/jboss

                                                                        
          Email:nagaraju425gkm@gmail.com

NAGARAU BOMMIDI	                                 Mobile: +91-7842833571 
                                                                   

                                                			       

                                                       

  Professional Summary

Having 3+ Years of Experience as a Software Developer in the IT
industry.

Excellent Object Oriented Programming knowledge and having work
experience on Core Java, collections, Multi Threading, Exception
Handling, Oops Concepts JDBC, Servlets and JSP.

Hands on work experience in open source frameworks like Struts and
Hibernate.

Hands on work experience in Spring framework.

Having Good knowledge on Developing the applications using various
Design Patterns.

Having Working experience in Oracle 10g.

Hands on experience in using Logger Framework Apache Log4J.

Hands on experience in using IDE like Eclipse.

Expertise in the requirement analysis and modeling and development of
various software applications.

Good team member, positive attitude and result oriented Self-motivated,
quick learner, willing to adapt to new challenges & new technologies.

Actively participated in Team meeting and Status calls also.

Actively participated in fixing the defects in testing environments.

Quicken adapted the new technologies implemented in project.

  Work Experience

Working as Software Engineer with Eka Software Solutions Pvt Ltd
Bangalore, from Feb 2013 to till date.

Worked as Associate Software Engineer with Access Automation Pvt Ltd
Bangalore, from Jan 2011 to Jan 2013.

  Education

Bachelor of Technology from JNTU University.

  Technical Skills

          Java Technologies		:    Core Java, Jdbc, Servlets, JSPâ€™s.

          Database				:    Oracle10g.

          Web/App Servers		:    Apache Tomcat, Web logic, JBoss.

          Java IDE				:    Eclipse

          Version Control Tools		:    CVS, SVN.

          Operating Systems		:    Windows, Linux.

          Framework			:    Spring, Hibernate, Struts, Log4J, Junit.

PROJECT SUMMARY:

Project #1              

Title			: CTRM(Commodity Trading and Risk Management) 

Role			: Developer

Client			: Gavilon (Australia)

Environment		:Weblogic, Java, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate and oracle.

Team Size		: 5

Duration	: Febâ€™13 to till date.

Description:

          CTRMS best-of-breed solutions manage commodity trading,
procurement, logistics, storage and handling, processing, enterprise
risk, and compliance. It helps to accelerate growth, increase
profitability improve operational control, and manage risks and
exposures. Our product basically has 3 major types. 1) Ags 2) Metals 3)
Energy

         Ags: Comprehensive solution for managing physical trading,
position P&l, derivatives,

Risk, logistics and finance across softs, grains, feeds, edible oils,
oilseeds, livestock and other agriculture based businesses.

           Metals: End-to-End Trade and Risk Management Platform for the
Metals and Mining, Smelting, Processing & Fabrication and Trading.

           Energy: Eka Energy is a fully integrated multi-commodity
energy trading and risk management (ETRM) system covering the entire
transaction life cycle from capture through  confirmation, operations,
settlement and risk management.

Responsibilities:

Exposing wrapper Web services in EKA System.

Invoking WS through EIF.

Implementing marshalling and unmarshalling through JAXB.

Â Intercepting CTRM code using Spring AOP

 Developing of DAO using Hibernate.

Project #2   

Title			: Portal Project

Role                         : Developer

Environment 	: Java, Struts, JSP, Hibernate, Eclipse IDE, Oracle.

Application Server	: web logic

Duration	: Janâ€™12 to Decâ€™12.

Description:

The project is meant to develop a portal that gives information about
all happening things in the city including general information like
hotels, pubs, restaurants, visiting/tourism places etc.

The concept of this application is not only to facilitate the
customers/users get the information about different places and events in
the city but also to reserve their seats online and place their order
for eatables, drinks etc. through our portal. This saves the time for
the customers where in the current system, a person or a group of people
go to restaurants and wait for quite some time after placing the order
to get them ready. This problem is addressed in our application. The
application requires the customers to buy coupons that are issued at
different places and the coupons range starting from Rs.1000/- to
Rs.5000/- or above.

All selected pubs, restaurants, hotels, clubs and resorts accept these
coupons. Any customer can log on to our portal and check for the
information about their choice of pubs or restaurants. If they want to
place an order, they can check the available items and the prices of
each. 

Responsibilities:

Developing of JSP Pages

Involved in coding for Java Beans 

Â Involved in implementation of Controllers.

Â Involved in struts with Hibernate configuration.

 Developing of DAO using Hibernate.

Project #3	     

Title                   : Car Hire

Role                   : Developer

Client		     : AA Systems, U.K

Duration	     : Janâ€™11 to Decâ€™11

Environment	: Java, J2ee, Struts, Hibernate,Oracle, Ant.

Description:

	The Car Hire is an insurance policy sponsored by The Automobile
Association Limited (The AA) to provide a replacement vehicle for a
driver in the event that their vehicle has been rendered a total loss
either in a road traffic accident or by the theft of the vehicle. The AA
has selected Albany Assistance Limited to supply the new Car Hire
product. The new product will be offered to those people who have an AA
fully comprehensive or TPF&T motor policy.

Responsibilities:

 Designed GUIâ€™s using JSPâ€™s.

 Responsible for writing Action Classes And Form Beans.

