From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2.8&
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â -  2.8yearsÂ &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â  -  3yearsÂ Â &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3.3years

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â  -Â Â Â  used

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Eclipse,Tomcat,websphere

  

                                                   Jyotshna Pardhia

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:pardhia252@gmail.com"  pardhia252@gmail.com  
                                                                        
                         Mobile No: +91-9014350223

------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------

	

SUMMARY:

Having 3.3 years of experience in IT Industry in developing Web
applications development (J2EE) using spring, Hibernate with Tomcat
server.

Experience in finance domains like Payment Transfer in an Agile
Methodology Environment.

Hands on experience with Application framework like spring, hibernate
and  AngularJs, JSon, JAX-WS, and JAX-RS.

Experience with ORM tool like Hibernate and querying database using
Hibernate Framework.

Experience with XML, XSD in SOAP API and Rest API Development.

Good experience with designed and developed components by using the
design patterns such as Model-View-Controller (MVC), DAO pattern.

Used JavaScript and AngularJS framework for the designing and developing
of UI.

Hands on experience on core java (Strong in OOPS Concepts, Exception
Handling, Collection Framework).

Good Team Player with the positive attitude and ability to learn in a
fast-paced environment, Quick learner and Problem solving skills.

Good experience at programming on different java IDEâ€™s like Eclipse,
STS and Net Beans.

Proficient in designing and developing J2EE applications using MVC
design Patterns with Servlets, jsp and pojo classes using Tomcat server.

Experience in developing user interface code (JSP, Struts, Servlets,
HTML, and Tomcat).

Ability to work independently as well as with team members.

Highly motivated self-starter and well versed in teamwork with good
communication and interpersonal skills.

Willing to learn new technologies.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Programming Languages            :   CoreJava, J2EE, Web-Services
(JAX-WS), Xml/XSD, and JavaScript.

Application Servers                      :   Apache tomcat.

Databases                                    :   SQL, MySQL5.0,
Oracle10G 

Architectures                                :   Client/Server
architecture, J2EE, Java, Servlets, Java Beans.                         
              Frameworks                                 :   Spring,
Hibernate, Junit, JSon and AngularJS.

Development Tools                      :   Spring Tool Suite, Eclipse,
Net Beans and SVN.

Build Tools                                   :   Ant, Gradle, Vagrant,
Jenkins, and Jira.

Operating Systems                      :   Windows, LINUX, MS DOS

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Working as a Senior Software Engineer for BA Continuum India (BOA)
Hyderabad from Aug 2014 to till Date.

Worked as a Software Engineer for WaveCrest Payment Technology Private
Limited Hyderabad from Dec 2011 to May 30th 2014

Worked as a trainee in Technolabs Software Services Pvt Ltd. Hyderabad
from April 2011 to Dec 2011.

EDUCATIONAL Qualification:

Bsc.IT   with 71.58% from Sambalpur University, Orissa (2007).

Pursuing MCA in distance mode from ICFAI University Hyderabad.

PROJECTS SUMMARY:     

1.	Project	:	Prepaid Card Solution for Tax Refunds          Sept
2013-till date                                               	          
                      



Client	:	Tax Products Group (TPG), US.



	Role	:	Coding and Testing

Team Size â€“ 6



Description

TPG prepaid card offers a prepaid solution to handle individual tax
refunds efficiently and an effective prepaid strategy. This card may
used worldwide anywhere, also it can be used to withdraw cash at
thousands of ATMs accepting Visa card. A direct Deposit account is
assigned to each card and it may be used to have pay check deposited
directly to Card. Also it provides a facility to issue an additional
card for spouse in case the tax is filed together. Account management
for the prepaid card also available through online web application and
mobile anytime on the go.

Technologies Used

Spring

Hibernate

Core Java

Html, JavaScript

AngularJS

Gradle, vagrant

MySQL 5.0

2.	Project	:	RPay                            Oct 2012 â€“ Aug 2013	     
                           



Client	:	Reliance Industries Limited, India.



	Role	:	Designing, Coding and Testing.

Team Size â€“ 13



Description

RPay is all about prepaid cards. RPay prepaid card solution facilitates
the customer to have wallet, which can use similar to debit or credit
card. RPay card will tie up with merchants and deliver some offers to
customer. It is based on loosely coupled modular structure and every
functionality can be deployed as separate module.

Technologies Used

Spring

Hibernate

Core Java

Web services

Gradle

MySQL 5.0

Junit

3.	Project	:	Card Payment Program         Jan12-Oct 13 	                
                



Client	:	TMS (Tuition Management System), US.



	Role	:	Programmer

Team Size â€“ 4



Description:

Teen Card is a payment program is for facilitating School disbursement
to students at colleges and universities receive refund payments from
their school every year, for financial aid award, scholarships and / or
dropped courses. This is a complete prepaid offering to meet their exact
specifications. The card offering provides numerous advantages to
students. It provides immediate access to refunds. There is no waiting
time to process Direct Deposit and also can be used to access cash via
ATM terminals and for variety of purchases including online purchases,
wherever VISA prepaid cards are accepted. Students can choose to send
money from their card to bank accounts via Direct Deposit. The card is
reloadable and also allows funds to be deposited by family and friends.
The teen card offers a convenient way for parents to send money for
monthly expenses also. 

Technologies Used

Spring

Hibernate

Core Java

Web services

Ant

MySQL 5.0

Junit

PERSONAL INFORMATION:

            Sex		          :      Female   

            Date of Birth                 :      24th April 1987

            Language Known         :      English, Hindi Oriya and
Telugu.

            Passport No                 :      J0814090

Declaration: 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is the true to the
best of my knowledge.

	Page   PAGE  1  of   NUMPAGES  4 

