From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2 YEAR &
CURRENTÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â - 
2.yearsÂ Â Â Â &
CURRENTÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  -
naÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2.8years

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  sINGLETON

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Eclipse/tomcat

Db:SQL

Java â€“ reflection

Rajan Arora

Phone: +91 7042914791

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:mrajaaries@gmail.com" rajanarora365@gmail.com


	mailtorajan3@gmail.com

Career Objective

Dynamic, skilled software professional with 2 years and 7 months working
experience in IT. Looking for Software Developer position to utilize my
creative skills and learning abilities in a challenging environment,
where my skills can be fully utilized and further developed.

Work Experience â€“ 2.7 Years

United Health Group(Sept 2014 to present)

Project	Optum Cloud Dashboard(OCD)

Customer	UHG

Duration	2 Months

Role	Software Engineer



Platform	My Eclipse â€“ Blue 10 , HPSM

Solution Environment	Core Java-Java J2EE , Spring and Hibernate.

Database/Repository	Db Visualizer/Maven as a build tool

Responsibilities : 	Bug fixe for the application based on issues raised
by users.

Solve the tickets based on the functionality, Technology and if required
do the code changes.

Create the build for the changes and deploy the changes code.

Coordination with different internal teams, to get the additional
information to solve the issues.

Understanding the business functionality and flow of the application, to
help the team members to solve the issues and to provide the input to
other teams.

All the code changes required to do the solve the problem issues.



Wipro Technologies (March 2012 to Sept 2014)

Project	ACP SGA MAXX GAPS

Customer	Medavie Blue Cross, Canada

Duration	7 Months

Project Description	Medavie Blue Cross is a leading health insurance
provider in Canada. This project was about to design and create the
product catalogue for its products in different categories using
hibernate MVC layer Architecture. 

Creating the policies based on the user requirement, and LOB (Line of
businesses) selected by the user.

Implementation of the various Canada policies for health insurance.

Giving health benefits according to age and category.

Generating the EMI based on the various aspects selected by the user.

Creating the UI for this application using JSF, IceFaces, and HTML.

Role	Project Engineer



Platform	Net Beans 5.0

Solution Environment	Core Java-Java J2EE / IceFaces/JSF/Hibernate

Database/Repository	SQL/Maven as a build tool

Responsibilities : 	Handling and creating the UI part Using IceFaces
component and HTML.

Handling the various subsystem Using POJO, DAO and beans.

Responsible for arranging the KT Sessions for new Joiners.



Project	Apple TES FP

Customer	Apple Inc, California

Duration	19 Months

Project Description	Creation of a Dashboard for the Apple Test
Environment Support Team.

Purpose of this dashboard is -- to track the progress of work, Schedule
of various testing, Status of all interfaces between any two
applications whether they are UP or Down, Integration with some internal
applications of the apple of to track the status of the support Tickets
(Tools like Espresso, SSO for user authentication and slunk integration
to get the status of the interfaces.)

Creation of the basic Level UI for the application.

Dynamically represent the applications and their interfaces in a
diagrammatical view, and every structure should be Click able so that
what ever the application is clicked, Corresponds publisher and
subscriber application diagram can view.

Dynamically saving the data into data base though the .CSV and XML
files.

Manage the Downtime of various interfaces in DB and in tabular view.

Search functionality for the interfaces and downtime.

Add functionality for the future planed downtime. And to notify the
Users.



Role	Software Engineer



Platform	Spring Tool Set

Solution Environment	Core Java-Java J2EE / HTML 5/Spring MVC/ JQuery,
ExtJs



Database/Repository	My Sql and Maven As a Build Tool

Responsibilities : 	Creation of the Downtime Complete Module.

Creation of the Interface Map Module.

Leading the Team of 2 New Joiners.

Understanding the coding standard

Understanding the client specification

Arranging KT Sessions and providing KTâ€™s to new Joiners.

 Monitoring deadlines for every task. 



EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

	      

Examination/ Degree	Board/ University	School/ College	Year Of Passing
Percentage 

B. Tech(IT)	PTU	SUSCET,Tangori(Mohali)	2011	70.0

Higher Secondary	RSEB,Ajmer	N.M.C School, Hanumangarh Town	2006	77.54

Secondary	RSEB,Ajmer	R.S.S.S. Ser Sec School, Hanumangarh Town	2004
85.77



TRAINING AND PROJECT DETTAILS DURING B.TECH

6 Months Training in .Net from SPIC (Society for promoting IT in
Chandigarh).

2 Months Training In TFP program form ABV-IIITM, Gwalior.

Project Caption:     Institute management system.

Guidance:              Mr. Gurcharan Singh-SPIC, Chandigarh

Description:            An online management system for a training
institution, that manages the student data, fee structure, accounts,
batch availability, instructor availability, online assignment
submission. .Net is used as a front end and SQL server is used as a back
end. 

SKILLS

Languages Known: 	Core JAVA, C, C++

Technical Skills: 	Spring MVC, Hibernate, JSF, HTML, SQL

Testing:		Manual Testing

Software Tools:	Eclipse IDE, Net Beans IDE, Spring Tool Set IDE

STRENGTHS

Possess good relationship building and interpersonal skills

Self motivation and commitment towards work.

Good team player

Quick adaptability to challenging situations

Optimistic.

Strong determination.

Can work in late hours and shifts.

 Able to handle the project, delivery and work pressure.

HOBBIES

Driving.

Listening music, watching movies.

Fond of visiting different places and gaining knowledge of different
cultures.

Cooking.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Fatherâ€™s Name:	Suriendra Arora

Motherâ€™s Name:		Santosh Rani

Date of Birth: 		3-July-1989

Marital Status:		Single

Languages Known: 	English, Hindi, and Punjabi

Permanent Address:	Street N.2, near Janta floor mill, Ward No. 24,

	Nai Abadi, Hanumangarh Town-335513(Rajasthan)

Declaration

I, hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct and
true up to my knowledge & belief.

Date: 12/10/2014

Place: Noida                      		                                    
  (Rajan Arora) 

