RESUME

DINESH KUMAR.V

S/o Mr. Veeramalai P (late)

#9, Good shed road,

Mudhaliyar chatram,

Trichy - 620 001.

Mobile No    :   +91-9944556155

E-Mail ID     :   dsdinesh555@yahoo.com 

OBJECTIVE :

                      To work in competitive and challenging environment
and hence to prove my credibility in the field, where I can apply my
analytical and technical skills to attain an optimum perfection for the
development of my career and company.

EXPERIENCES :Currently  working with TCS from Last Week,now looking for
change .

ORGANIZATION	DESIGNATION	DURATION

Amazon.com	Tech Support Analyst	MAY 2014 to Till Date

HCL Technologies	Software Engineer	JUN 2011 to MAY 2014



TECHNICAL SKILLS  :

 

LANGUAGES	C, C++, Java

WEB TECHNOLOGIES	J2EE, HTML, JSP, Servlet, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax

DATABASES	Oracle, MySQL

OPERATING SYSTEMS	MS Windows, Unix, Linux

FRAMEWORK	Selenium, Struts 2.0 with Hibernate

TOOLS	Eclipse, SQL Developer, SVN, WinSCP

DOMAIN	Banking, E-Commerce



EXPERIENCE AT AMAZON :

Project Name	CMT  - Competitive Monitoring Tool

Role	Catalog Lead



Description	Map Amazon's products with competitor and to compare price
of both. This process helps Amazon to be more competitive with other
competitors by providing price suggestions.

Technical Environment	JAVA, Linux, SQL



Responsibilities	Leading small team of five members for giving price
suggestions and to keep up benchmarking standards.

Developing tools & configuration to automate the mapping process.

Developing applications internally to reduce the manual effort of the
team.

Debugging, Code fix and Deployment of configurations to the
production/test environment.

Supporting and modifying internal end user tools/applications.

Ownership of one or more operational tools or components.

Handling business tickets responsibly and provide root cause to avoid
the same in future.



Achievements	Received an Automation Award for developing tool which used
for tracking productivity of the team.

Developed below tools which helped the team and process for better
performance.

Deep Crawler - Used for scraping information from competitor sites even
navigating through pages.

GetChildProducts - This is to retrieve all child products with its
information from competitor.

NoLoginTool - Used for scraping data from competitor without signing in
to their site.

Redirection Tool - Simple tool helps to get redirected URLs of given
URLs.

Splitter - Used to split large files of any format into small based on
given input numbers.

Written Macros for tasks like preparing input feed to automation,
Consolidating the output file and generating summary, Converting file
format for final upload and even more small tasks.



EXPERIENCE AT HCL TECHNOLOGIES :

Project Name	VISA

Role	Developer – Java

Description	Visa Processing Service (VPS) – Maintain the complete life
cycle of prepaid cards.

Technical Environment	JAVA, PL/SQL, UNIX



Responsibilities	Handling the Production Problem Requests-PPR, incidents
& tasks, resolving it on time or providing temporary workarounds.

Enhancements & automations are suggested and implemented.

Ensure all PPRs, Tasks & Incident met SLA.

Code Fix & Deployment.



Project Name	CITI BANK

Role	Developer – Java

Description	Global Billing System is maintained through Revenue
Management Billing (RMB)  product from oracle.

Technical Environment	JAVA, ORACLE, UNIX



Responsibilities	Coordinating with onsite team to support Global Billing
System by using RMB product.

To provide the better performance of  batch jobs.

Ensure all tasks met SLA.

Lead the offshore team to support and code level fix.

L2 & L3 support and maintenance.

Providing On-call support for high priority issues.

Achievements	Successful completion of OUT Environment



Project Name	UBS

Role	Developer – Java

Description	In Development of Applications

Technical Environment	JAVA, J2EE, ORACLE



Responsibilities	Complete all the given task on time.

Attended domain trainings.

Ensure all tasks met SLA.

Developing the web application by using struts2.0

Handling small team for developing application.

Also developed an Online Test Application on my own to conduct small
tests and evaluate our team periodically.

Achievements	Developed an Online Test Application



EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION  :

COURSE	NAME OF THE INSTITUTION	YEAR OF PASSING	PERCENTAGE



MCA	Bharathidasan University, 

Trichy- 24.	

2011-2013	

72.3%



BCA	St. Joseph’s College,Trichy-2.	

2008-2011	

78%



HSC	R.C. Higher Secondary School, Trichy-1.	

2007-2008	

81.5%



SSLC	R.C. Higher Secondary School, Trichy-1.	

2005-2006	

83.6%

                	

ACHIEVEMENTS :

Received an “AFM Award” at Amazon for excellence in performance.

Awarded an “Outstanding Performer” at HCL appraisals.

Completed Internal Java Certification.

Got 3 times 1st prize and once 2nd Prize in Quiz at State level
inter-college competition.

Place : Trichy-1.                                             				    
Faithfully yours,

Date  :                                                         			 	  (
Dinesh Kumar.V )

