From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2 year
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â -  4
YearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  4
yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  4 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â 2 YearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  4 Years

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â  4
Year in bothÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Apache Tomcat , 

Divya Bharatha    	      	 		            

                                                                 Phone
No: 9962961468

                                                                  
Email:  HYPERLINK "mailto:diviyabharatha@gmail.com" 
diviyabharatha@gmail.com                                                
                     

Experience and Skills Summary: 

Having 4+ years of experience in analysis, design, implementation and
testing of Internet based 3-tier and N-tier Object Oriented Applications
using Java/J2EE. 

Highly Skilled Java Developer.

Involved in Use Case Analysis and UML Modeling,

Experience in j2ee application model to develop web based solution using
CORE JAVA, Servlets and Jsp, Struts, Spring and Oracle

Worked extensively in Top Link, Hibernate, Web services and JDBC.

Knowledge on Design Patterns.

Having good Hands on experience in using a My Eclipse, RSA 7.5 and RSA 8
IDE for writing the java code.

Ability to reach the short term customer schedules, in both planning and
executing the technical activities.

Ability to learn Domain Knowledge, related to the application within a
short period of time.

 Ability to learn new technologies with minimal time period and Team
Player with excellent communication skills.

Experience on Rally as well as Agile process.

Awards:

Award from FORD for Best Performer in the BOMF Project for the year 2013

Award from FORD for Best Appreciation in the BOMF WAS8 Migration Project
for the year 2014

Employment History:

Presently working at Computer Science Cooperation, Chennai as a Software
Engineer from June 2012 to   till date handling J2EE projects.

Presently worked at 3i InfoTech technologies, Chennai as a Software
Engineer from June 2010 to May 2012.

Academic Profile:

Bachelor of Electronics and Communication Engineering in 2010 from 
Mahatma Gandhi Institute Of Technology with an aggregate of 71.75%

Technical Skills:

Operating Systems			: Windows-95/98/XP/2000/7

Application/Web Servers		: Web sphere, Tomcat

Languages				: Java 1.5

J2EE Technologies			: JSP, Servlets, JDBC

RDBMS				: Oracle 10g

Web & Application Servers		: Apache Tomcat, Web Sphere 6.1

IDE Tools		                   : My Eclipse, SQL Developer, Beyond
Compare, 

                                                 RSA7.5 and RSA8 

Open source tools			: SOAP UI, Log4j, Junit

Frame Works				: Struts, spring, Hibernate and Top link. 

Project Profile: 

Current Project

Project Title : Bill of Material and Foundation (BOMF) 

Client			: Ford Motor Company 

Role			: Team member

Duration		: Jul 12 - till Now

Team Size		: 8

Environments	: Java, J2ee, Top Link, Web Service, AccuRev, Rally, Oracle
10g, WAS 8 , RSA8 and Windows 7.

Description

Bill of Material Foundation (BOMF) is a Ford global initiative that aims
to store and consistently represent a vehicle Bill of Material across
all global divisions of the company. In order to achieve this BOMF has
been very well integrated to Ford Top hats like AVBOMII (early Bill of
Materials), ASAP (Advanced Sourcing Automated Process), F@ST (Finance @
speed of thought) and WERS (Worldwide Engineering Release System) via
Web Services and excel based front end. BOMF has been recognized as a
pioneer program at Ford Motor Company with a significant ability to
directly influence the product development and manufacturing lifecycle. 

Technically to support this initiative BOMF has been built on top of
established Ford Java, Web service and Persistence frameworks running on
an Oracle powered Database with a global and standard hosting solution.
BOMF uses some of the best practices that have been fine-tuned at Ford
over a period of time viz. agile methodologies, Test Driven Development,
Structure Requirements, JADF, J2EE and DB design practices. BOMF was one
of the early adopter programs to standardize and build a web services
framework (WSCORE), which is now leveraged throughout the Company for
its consistency, maintainability and ease of use.

Given the global nature of the Program, resources are located across
worldwide Ford locations including Ford of Australia, Ford of India,
Ford of Europe and Ford NA. Challenges of concurrent product and process
development and global nature of resources and requirements are managed
by a well trained and equipped Global program management team.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Involved in Daily, pre-sprint/post-sprint Scrum(Agile Methodology) 
meetings

Involved in writing Junit Test Cases.

Involved in writing SOAP UI Test Cases.

Developed web service providers

Developed Controllers, declarative validation and programmatic
validations.

Developed BOs, ROs for database tables.

Configured top link mappings using work bench

Developed persistence logic and query configurations.

Project Title	:  Banking Management System

Client			: Apex Bank, Karnataka

Role			: Team member

Duration		: Mar 11 â€“ May 12

Team Size		: 8

Environments	: Java, J2ee, spring with Hibernate, Oracle 10g, Tomcat, My
Eclipse and Windows XP.

       

Description

         Core Banking is the heart of the system, which covers the
typical functionality of any Financial Institution, needed top support
its primary operations. This functionality can be adopted according to
the strategic needs and operational requirements of the Financial
Institution. Core Banking System; it is a centralized database system
that covers the entire banking transactions needed.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Understanding the Requirements.

Used Java Beans, service Layer and Daoâ€™s implementing Business logic.

Coordinating with team members.

Development of Screen Shots using JSPâ€™s.

3. Project Title  : Travel and Tourism Router

Client                     : WebEx, USA

Role                       : Team member

Duration                 : Aug 10 to Mar 11

Team Size               : 6

Environments	: Java, J2ee, Spring, Struts 1.2, Hibernate, Oracle 10g,
Tomcat, My Eclipse and Windows XP.

Description:

 It is online protocol for travel and hotel industry, where travel
companies 

and hotel owners can freely publish the services they are offering to
customers, for example travel operator can list out all the bus / air
routes they are operating, and 

hotel companies can list their rooms and services availability from time
to time on a 

daily basis. Users who are looking for travel operators / hotel search
and find out the 

availability of bus / air routes, hotels services provided by different
service providers.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Understanding the flow specifications and responsible for the
development of the application which is totally based on MVC
architecture.

Interaction with the client, gathering requirements and identify The Use
Cases.

Designed and developed the presentation layer which includes JSP and the
various classes used in Struts framework.

Coordinating with team members.

Involved in development of model component to implement business logic.

Participate in client side and server side data using the Struts
Validations.

Involved in writing Service Layer and Daoâ€™s Layer.

                                                                        
                  

                                         

                                                                        
                           Signature 

             

                                                                        
                             (B. Divya) 

	

	 

          	                                                             
                                                                		

