      

From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2.5year

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â - 2
YearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3.8 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â 3 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  2 Years

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â  2.5
maven 

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

RAD,weblogic,websphere,

Code: 100%coding

Ok  to work with startup

Objective: 

Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the company
that offers professional growth resource full, innovative and flexible.

Professional Summary:

3. 8 years of experience in software development includes Analysis,
Development of Web-based Fusion web applications like Oracle Adf.

Extensive experience in design and development of multi-tier
applications using Java, J2EE,

Spring, Hibernate, EJB, JPA Oracle ADF.

Worked on different Application and Web Servers like   Web Logic, Tomcat
and JBoss ,Websphere.Â 

Extensive experience in different IDEs like Eclipse, and Oracle
developer and Rad..

Experience in web application design using open sourceSpring  Mvc.

Excellent communication and interpersonal skills and involved in client
interactions for scoping, effort estimates and status reportingÂ 

Experience with test-driven development using a unit testing framework
such as JUnit.

Working Experience on Design Patterns line
Singleton,factory,sessionfacade,frontcontroller

A team player with excellent interpersonal skills.

Experience:

Working  as a software engineer in    IBM   Hyderabad  since    August 
2014 to  till Date

Worked as a software engineer in   Tech   Mahindra Ltd  Bangaloore 
since    March  2013 to  Aug  2014

Worked as a software engineer in    crimsonlogic  Bangaloore  since 
April  2011 to   March 2013

Academic Profile:

Bachelor of Technology   from   Jawaharlal Technology University 2010   
                                                                        
                                                        

Technical Skills:

Skills	Environment

Java Technologies	Java 

J2EE Technologies	ServletsJSP,EJB, JPA

Frameworks	 Spring , Oracle ADF

ORM Technologies	Hibernate

Web Servers	Tomcat

Application Server	Web Logic,Web sphere

Operating Systems	Windows

DB Servers	Oracle

Build Tools/IDE	Eclipse,SVN, Soup UI,Jdeveloper,RAD,clear case

Unit testing	 JUNIT



PROJECT #1

Project Name		:            Credit Assesment(October 2012 to  March 2013)

Role			:	Software Developer 

Team Size		:	14

Environment		:	Java/J2EE, Oracle ADF, Web logic, JUNIT, MAVEN

Project Description:Credit assement  which  calculates the Worthness of
a business or organization. In other words, It is the evaluation of the
ability of a company to honor its financial obligations. The audited
financial statements of a large company might be analyzed when it issues
or has issued bonds Or, a bankmay analyze the financial statements of a
small business before making or renewing a commercial loan. The term
refers to either case, whether the business is large or small.The
objective of credit analysis is to look at both the borrower and the
lending facility being proposed and to assign a risk rating. The risk
rating is derived by estimating the probability of default by the
borrower at a given confidence level over the life of the facility, and
by estimating the amount of loss that the lender would suffer in the
event of defaulCredit analysis involves a wide variety of financial
analysis techniques, including ratio and trend analysis as well as the
creation of projections and a detailed analysis of cash flows. Credit
analysis also includes an examination of collateral and other sources of
repayment as well as credit history and management ability. Analysts
attempt to predict the probability that a borrower will default on its
debts, and also the severity of losses in the event of default

Responsibilities:

Involved in coding and unit testing

Understanding of functional specifications

Invloved in validations using java scripts.

Invloved in file uploading and downloading

Involved in  security and transaction issues

Involved in validations and Exception handling in ADF.

Invloved  in  Development of trains and task flow parameters

Development of Dependent Drop downs,Lovs.

Involved in design and development of Bounded and unbounded Task Flows

Designed and implemented ADF Business Components.

Development of  ui using Adf rich Faces.

ADF Task flow design and implementation.

Involved in Internationalization of the application.

Involved in Working with View Criteriaâ€™s, LOVâ€™s.

Project #2

Title		:             EBanking              

Role		:	Software Engineer

Environment	:	Java/J2EE, Oracle ADF, JUNIT, SVN    

Description:

Internet banking service you can carry out banking activities from home
/office with only your mouse for comfort of customers. Using Internet
Banking ID and password, customer can   view accounts /do transactions
online 24x7 without any hassle. Customer can transfer funds online to
accounts maintained with any bank. You can also access all your Bank
accounts from all around the world 24x7. Account/s transaction details,
Viewing/Printing of account statement, Transfer of funds in own/third
party bank accounts, Transfer of funds to other bank accounts through
NEFT/RTGS, Direct/ Indirect tax payments, Utility bill payments like
electricity bills, telephone bills, insurance premium payments, mutual
fund payments, credit card payments, Online air ticket and railway
ticket booking .

Responsibilities:

Involved in coding and unit testing

Understanding of functional specifications

Invloved in validations using java scripts.

Invloved in file uploading and downloading

Involved in  security and transaction issues

Involved in validations and Exception handling in ADF.

Invloved  in  Development of trains and task flow parameters

Development of Dependent Drop downs,Lovs.

Involved in design and development of Bounded and unbounded Task Flows

Designed and implemented ADF Business Components.

Development of  ui using Adf rich Faces.

ADF Task flow design and implementation.

Involved in Internationalization of the application.

Involved in Working with View Criteriaâ€™s, LOVâ€™s.

PROJECT #3

Project Name		:	Moving AVERAGES 

Role			:	Software Developer 

Team Size		:	14

Environment		:	Java/J2EE, spring, hibernate, Oracle, Web logic, JUNIT,
MAVEN

Project Description:

Moving AVERAGES can be used to evaluate securities by analyzing past
prices and volumes. It believe that the historical performance of stock
and markets indications of future performance of stock market shares and
commodities. it will consider the historical data downloaded from  Stock
Exchangeâ€™s End of Day (EOD) data from the website and localizing this
data into database. The advantage of this project is to predict and
suggest to stake holders about the future market activity how it will
play. Here Technical analysts do not attempt to measure a security
intrinsic value, but instead it uses Charts, Indicators and other tools
to identify patterns that can suggest future market activity. 

Responsibilities: 

Involved in debugging and coding and   unit testing

Developed in development of configuration files.

Participated in development of input pages and response pages.

Implementing Code changes, Unit testing and code merging. 

Development of page templates in spring Tiles frame work.

Involved in  Exception handling and validations in spring framework

Involved in spring and hibernate integration

Development of control classes and jsps .

PROJECT #4

Title		:              Econnect -Icomm.

Client		:	DBS  Bank 

Role		:	Software Engineer.	

Environment	:	Java/J2EE, spring,EJB,JPA 2.2 

Project Description: 

It is project migrating from icommm to econnect ,it provdes sms and
email alets to customers and non customers .for that it provides
template Of messages, template filling , broad casting message,login
user access ,bouncing of  message details  and dispense of messages 
receving customer messges providing services to customer and  pro.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Integrating Spring with EJB.

Developed in entities using JPA.

Involved in transactions management using  EJB

Participated in development of input pages and response pages.

Developed session beans and entity bean

Implementing Code changes, Unit testing and code merging. 

Involved in debugging and coding.

Development of Jsps and  control classes.

Sravan Kumar

Mobile: 9703763245

  HYPERLINK "mailto:sravanwebfusiondeveloper@gmail.com" 
sravanwebfusiondeveloper@gmail.com  

