From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 
1yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â - 1.5
YearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  1
yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â 1 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  1 Years

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â  1.5
maven ant 1yrsÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Eclipse/IBM RAID/Tomcat Apache, websphere

Development â€“ 100%

Ok to work with a startup

		

											Mobile:  +91-9160718145 

Harsha D Patil     							          Email   :  harshaofbelgaum@gmail.com

				

						

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Java Developer having 3 years of IT experience in coding, documenting,
implementing, testing and maintaining and supporting applications

Around 6 months experience in Calypso tool 

Good knowledge of Core JAVA, J2EE, JDBC, Vaadin, Spring, JSF, Hibernate,
MyBatis, Webservices, Swing,  JQuery, HTML, CSS and XML

Good experience on developing and deploying enterprise applications on
Apache Tomcat Servers, IBM Websphere

Hands-on experience in Java programming and involved in development of
applications using  Zkoss, Vaadin, J2EE,  Hibernate and Spring, 

Hands-on experience in Oracle, MySQL, MS-SQL Server 2008 including SQL.

Excellent team member with problem-solving and trouble-shooting
capabilities

Dedicated, self-motivated achiever who is committed to success and adept
at juggling multiple tasks in a high-pressured environment.

Good knowledge on Investment Banking- Equities, Fixed Income Securities,
Foreign Exchange (FX), Interest Rate Derivatives, Equity Derivatives &
Commodity Derivatives.

Objective: 

To work in a competitive environment with challenging projects which
offers a chance to work with cutting edge technologies and progressively
higher responsibilities.															

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY:

	Currently working (Oct 2011 - Till date) as Associate (Software-Java)
for Synechron Technologies Ltd., Pune.

Technical skills:

Java Skill Set	Java 1.5/1.6 , J2EE (JSP/Servlet)

Frameworks	Spring 3.0, Hibernate 3  Junit 4,  ZK 5.0.7 , JMockit ,
Vaadin 6, Apache Mime 4j

Programming Environment	Eclipse, STS 2.7, RAD 7.5.4

Operation Systems	Windows XP, Windows 7

Application Servers	Tomcat 7

Configuration Management Tools	Tortoise SVN 1.7, SCM

Other Tools Used	Maven 2.2.1

EDUCATION:

MCA from Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum, in BIET
College, Davangere with securing 76%. 

B.Sc from Karnataka university Dharwad, in Kittel Science College,
Dharwad with securing 78%

PROJECT:

Project #1:	Sep 2013 - Till date	

Title				: DAT(Dispute Automated Tracking)

Client				: Wells Fargo

Role				: Developer.

Description:

DAT is used to it charged back dispute and fraud transaction by the
customers and users. DAT is used in several different ways of
transactions of Debit card like Pin based, Signature based dispute and
fraud transaction.

 

Roles and Responsibilities:

Participated in development, maintenance and  customisation

Developed many User Interface in Jsp, Swing, Applets

Involved in charting of daily reports, weekly reports in swing

Provided test cases for each significant functionality using Junit

Involved in code and unit testing of the application

Involved in bug fixing, production support, manual testing, regression
testing

Environment: Java/ JEE 1.6,  J2EE, Swing, Applets, JSF 2.x, Web
services(SOAP), MS-SQL Server 2008, Web sphere.

Project #2:                                                             
                                                                        
   Feb 2013 â€“ Sep 2013		

Title				: Customization of FX Modules 

Client				: Wells Fargo

Role				: Calypso Developer.

	

Description: Calypso is used for front and back office functions such as
deal entry, position management, profit/loss, back office accounting
controls, confirmations, message payments, accounting, and interfaces. 

Responsibilities:

Practicing on Capital Markets that include FX Module, which covers
products such as FX Spot, FX Forward, FX NDF, FX Future, and Options

Preparing several presentations on Capital Markets in synchronization
with Calypso as a whole such as Rate Indexes, Legal Entities, and
Messaging Framework 

Involved in back office operations 

Involved in production support, manual testing, regression testing

Involved in customization of user interface of back office operations
for FX modules data

Environment: Calypso tool, Calypso APIâ€™s

Project #3:	Jul 2012 â€“ Feb 2013	

Title				: MBox

Client				: RVM

Role				: Developer.

Description:

MBoxâ€™s files is to crawl through the Apache Mime4J and to get the
properties by reading then mbox format and then MyBatis framework
persist these properties into the database, with the help of Vaadin each
and every email and its properties like attachment, child emails, to,
cc, bcc etc showed to the user.

 

Roles and Responsibilities:

Participated in development.

Provided test cases for each significant functionality using Junit.

Extensively used STS 2.7 as an integrated development environment to
develop application.

Involved in code and unit testing of the application.

Involved in manual testing

Environment: Vaadin 6, Java/ JEE 1.6,  Spring 3.x, MyBatis, Apache
Mime4J, MS-SQL Server 2008

Project #4:	Jan 2012 â€“  Jul 2012

Title				:Â DBMonitoringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 

Client				:Â Synechron COE

Role				: Developer

Description:Â 

Synechron Database Monitor Tool to be used to monitor Oracle, SQL
Server, MySQL, Sybase, and DB2 databases. This would be a pure
monitoring tool with only read only privilege on client databases. It is
intended to be used by L1/ L2 database administrators for real time
monitoring of their databases.

Responsibilities:

Participated in UI design and development.

Performed Unit testing for the project.

Involved in manual testing

Â 

Environment:Â Vaadin 6,  Spring 3.x, Hibernate 3.x, Java/ JEE 1.6, MySQL
5.x, Apache Tomcat 7.0, Eclipse

Project #5:	Oct 2011 â€“ Jan 2012	

Title				: Adaptivity

Client				: Adaptivity

Role				: Team Member.

Description:

Adaptivity's Blueprint4IT Lifecycle Suiteâ„¢ enables intelligent IT
design decisions to be integrated into repeatable actions across the
technology build and deployment life cycle. The customized IT Blueprint
software has been already delivered to Barclays, Fujitsu, Hitachi Data
Systems and many other clients.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Developed rich web pages using ZK Ajax based framework.

Provided test cases for each significant functionality using Junit.

Extensively used STS 2.7 as an integrated development environment to
develop application.

Involved in code and unit testing of the application.

Involved in manual testing

Environment: Spring 3.x, Hibernate 3.x, MS-SQL Server 2008, ZK
Framework, JBOSS, Tomcat, Web Service(SOAP).

       

Project #6:

Title				:Â Life Guard 1.0Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 

Client				: Uvinix Computing Solutions, Bangalore

Role				: Developer

Description:Â 

The strategic aim of the project is to generate charting application for
 ventilator it is human respirator and to store the details of
variations of ventilator graph.

Responsibilities:

Participating in UI design and development.

Performed Unit testing for the project.

Developed charting application.

Worked on database to store the details of charting.

Â 

Environment:Â  Jdk1.6.0_02, Swing, Core Java, Oracle 10g.

