From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  6
monthsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â   Â Â -  3.2
years&currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â 
-  3.9
years(REST)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3.8 years

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
-Â Â  singleton/factoryÂ  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Maven/Grant server

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Tomcat/jboss/eclipse/sonar

DB â€“ oracle

    Saikiran M

Cell: +91-9030882898.                       
E-mail:msaikiran19@gmail.com

Professional Summary 

A  graduate in computer science having 3.8 years of experience in the
field of software design and  developing

Excellent knowledge of all the phases of software development life cycle
( Requirements gathering, analysis, design, development, testing and
implementation)

Hands on experience on Web development Application framework (Wicket)
and Scripting languages(JavaScript),AngularJs

Good experience on Java/J2EE design patterns like Factory, Singleton,
Decorator, MVC, DAO, Front Controller, etc

Good exposure on OOPS and RDBMS

Experience in using the Source control tools like  SVN

Experience in Agile software development

Prepare  Weekly Status Reports (WSR)

Capable of learning new technology quickly and adapting to a new
environment.

Excellent troubleshooting skills

Quick learner and excellent team player, ability to meet deadlines and
work under pressure

Professional Experience

Prokarma Softech India Pvt Ltd.  Hyderabad(  HYPERLINK
"http://www.mphasis.com/" http://prokarma.com/ ) â€“ Software Engineer

January 2011 â€“ till date

 Education

Graduate of Computer Science from DRK Institute of Science and
Technology, affiliated to JNTU Hyderabad in 2010

Intermediate from BIE

SSC from Sri Sai Public School affiliated to ICSE 

 Skills

Languages: 		         Java ,SQL. PL/SQL

J2EE Technologies: 	         Servlets, JSP, JDBC 

Frameworks: 	         	         Spring

Database:  		         Oracle 10g,  Apache Derby

Web Technologies:	         JavaScript, Wicket 1.4, AngularJs,HTML5, XML,
Backbone.js

Web/ Application Server:     JBOSS

IDEs: 		         	         Eclipse

Testing:             	         Junit,TestNG	

Version Control: 	         SVN

SQM Tool:		         HP Quality Center

Operating Systems:	         Windows 98.2000.XP

 Major Projects

 

Project #01

Title:  ESS - SET (Enterprise Shipment Services - Shipment Editor
Terminal)

Duration			:	March 2011 â€“ till date

Team Size			:	8

Technology			:          JAVA/J2EE, Spring, Wicket, Jaxb2, 							       
   XML, Ricola, Wickola, XMF Services (last three are client specific)

Operating System		:	Windows

App Server			:	Jboss,Tomcat

Company			:	ProKarma Softech Pvt. Ltd.

Description:

		Waybill Editor is a web based GUI application acts as an interface to
clients of UP, using this Waybill Editor, customers can create a new
shipment and can edit/correct a shipment and submit it again. SET also
has some other features like Change Flat Car Destination, Pattern Lookup
and Switch Bill where each of which has its own benefits to UP and its
clients.

					

Responsibilities:

Coding using Java, Wicket, Wickola, Ricola

Building Generic UI Components for GUI Development

Testing - unit testing & integration testing

Responsible for overseeing the Quality procedures related to the project

Project #02

Title:  Service Repository 

Duration			:	June 2012 â€“ December 2012

Team Size			:	4

Technology			:          JAVA/J2EE, Spring, Wicket, Hiernate, 							    
      XML, Ricola, Wickola, XMF Services (last three are client
specific)

Operating System		:	Windows

App Server			:	Jboss,Tomcat

Company			:	ProKarma Softech Pvt. Ltd.

Description:

		It holds has as a pool for services. It is replacement of Systinet
Application(HP Product). It builds only the major and most common things
as creating,monitoring,modifying a service. It consists of Service
Provider and Service Consumers. Also specifies the service level
agreement(SLA). 

					

Responsibilities:

Coding using Java, Wicket and Wickola,Ricola,Hibernate

Building Generic UI Components for GUI Development

Creating new Services

Testing - unit testing & integration testing

Responsible for overseeing the Quality procedures related to the project

Project #03

Title:  Asset Mangement

Duration			:	January 2011 â€“ August 2011

Team Size			:	3

Technology			:          JAVA/J2EE, Spring, Wicket, Hibernate, XML

Operating System		:	Windows

App Server			:	Jboss,Tomcat

Company			:	ProKarma Softech Pvt. Ltd

Description:

		The management of a client's investments by a financial services
company, usually an investment bank. The company will invest on behalf
of its clients and give them access to a wide range of traditional and
alternative product offerings that would not be to the average
investor.Asset management is a systematic process of operating,
maintaining, upgrading, and disposing of assets cost-effectively.

					

Responsibilities:

Analysis and designing 

Architectural diagrams 

Coding using Java, Wicket,Hibernate

Building Generic UI Components for GUI Development

Testing - unit testing & integration testing

Responsible for overseeing the Quality procedures related to the project

Project #04

Title:  PST-ITF Mobile WEB

Duration			:	January 2011 â€“ August 2011

Team Size			:	3

Technology			:          JAVA/J2EE, Spring,Backbone, Hibernate, XML

Operating System		:	Windows

App Server			:	Jboss,Tomcat

Company			:	ProKarma Softech Pvt. Ltd

Description:

	One code base that can run on any OS without modifying data its
independent App code. Its for ShipcarsNow   HYPERLINK
"http://www.shipcarsnow.com/" http://www.shipcarsnow.com/  and same code
for tablets and mobile also and for different versions also.

					

Responsibilities:

Analysis and designing 

Architectural diagrams 

Coding using Java, Backbone, Hibernate

Responsible for overseeing the Quality procedures related to the project

Personal Information

Name		: M. Saikiran

Marital Status	:Married.

Nationality		:Indian.

Page   PAGE  1  of   NUMPAGES \*Arabic  3 

