From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â  4.5
year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -  4.5 year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  - 
4.5Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â -Â  10year

Design PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
-Â Â usingÂ  

UML designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
-Â Â   designing

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â  mavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Tomcat/eclipse

DB:oracle/postgrade

16L/24L/30days

		           BHANU PRAKASH .V

bhanuvcareer@gmail.com			                                               
 ph: 09945228680

Objective:

	To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job,
which provides me job Satisfaction, and self-development and help me
achieve personal as well as organization goals.

Summary:

Around 10 years of Experience in developing scalable web applications
using MVC frameworks like spring, struts and Java, j2ee technologies.

Playing the scrum master role in my current project.

Good experience in performance tuning, Design patterns and in writing
SQL queries.

Identified the necessary of collecting only the required logs regarding
the discovery of a particular device, created small utility which will
collect only the specific logs.

When I was working in PNOC, recognized the necessity of event trace tool
designed and developed the ETT.

Good knowledge in Agile Methodology.

Work Experience:

Working as Software Engineer in Cisco Systems from March 2010 to till
data.

Worked as Senior Software Engineer in HUAWEI Technologies from May 2008
to February 2010.

Worked as Lead Engineer in HCL- Cisco from January 2005 to May 2008.

Technical Skills:

Operating Systems			:	Linux, MAC, Windows NT

	Languages Known			:	Java, J2ee, XML, HTML

	RDBMS					:	Oracle, Postgres

	ORDBMS				:	Hibernate

	Application Framework			: 	Spring, Struts

	Web Servers				:	Tomcat

	Web Services				:	RESTful Web Services

Tools					:	Eclipse, JUnit, Jstack, Jconsole

Source Control				:	Clearcase, SVN

Build Tools				:	Ant, Maven

Awards:

	Received 5 CAP (Cisco Achievement Program) awards from Cisco Systems.

Education:

MCA from Sri Venkateswara University, Tirupati.

B.Sc (Computer Science) from Sri Venkateswara University, Tirupati.

Current Project: 

Cisco Prime Collaboration Assurance (PCA) 

Organization		: 	Cisco Systems

Role			: 	Scrum master and Developer

Operating System	: 	Linux

Environment		: 	Java, J2EE, Oracle/Postgres

Application Framework	:	Spring

ORDBMS		: 	Hibernate

	Duration		: 	From 2012 May to till date.

Cisco Prime Collaboration, part of Cisco Prime for IT, is a
comprehensive voice and video service assurance and management system,
with a set of powerful provisioning, monitoring, troubleshooting,
reporting and analytics capabilities that aid operators in delivering a
first-rate end-user experience.

Contributions:

As scrum master of the Inventory and licensing modules my primary
obligations are to assure that the development engineers are putting
through the features with high caliber.

Core member in developing inventory module.

Developed small utility to collect the correct logs of any discovery
issue.

Brought down the discovery time from 2 hours to approximately to 1:15
hour in large and very large deployment modes.

Designed and developed Scheduled Reports.

Written complex queries to show the consistent data in different
dashlets and pages.

Reduced database slowness by 30% by adding the auto vaccum.

Always enjoyed attending the customer calls and resolving their issues
with the inventory module.

Previous Projects:

1) Cisco Assurance and Service Portal (CASP)

Organization		: 	Cisco Systems

Role			: 	Developer

Operating System	: 	Linux

Environment		: 	Java, J2EE, Oracle

	Duration		: 	From 2010 march 5th to 2012 May.

Contributions:

Designed and developed Event Trace Tool.

Responsible for handover of build to test team.

Designed and developed Device tree portlet.

Designed and developed Business view portlet.

Designed and developed Annotations.

2) Developer/Upgrade tool

Organization		: 	HUAWEI Technologies

Operating System	: 	Solaris and Windows

Environment		: 	Java, SQL Server, Sybase

	Duration		: 	From 2008 may 15th to 2010 February

Contributions:

Developed nearly 50% of stories (requirements) as a pair, to release the
product in 3 months.

Resolved performance related issues in Developer tool.

Supporting customers from January 2009 to till date.

Currently am handling the entire upgrade tool (Defect fixing and
implementing new requirements).

From January 2009 I am playing as a Team Lead role for upgrade tool and
developer tool team.

3) Cisco Works Health and Utilization Monitor V1.0

Organization		: 	HCL Technologies

Client			: 	Cisco Systems

Operating System	: 	Solaris and Windows NT

Environment		: 	Struts, Apache-Tomcat Application Server, Sybase,

				Java, Jsp, Servlets

	Duration		: 	From 2006 October 15th to 2008 May 9th.

	

Contributions:

Developed code to schedule the reports.

Developed screens for Report forms.

Developed code to run the reports.

Developed screens for Audit trail log.

Developed code for Audit trail log.

Developed reusable component for tree search.

Provided support for Beta testing.

Developed code for Device Dashboard report.

Written stored procedures for generating reports.

Unit tested the code using JUnit tool.

	

Report is one of the interfaces to get the information from the HUM.
This provides provision for setup/configure the reports easily and
frequently. 

4) Cisco Works Resource Manager Essentials 4.0.2, 4.0.3, 4.0.4, 4.0.5,
and RME 4.1.       

	Organization		: 	HCL Technologies

Client			: 	Cisco Systems

Operating System	: 	Solaris and Windows NT

Environment		: 	Struts, Apache-Tomcat Application Server, Sybase,

				Java, Jsp, Servlets

Duration 		: 	From 2005 January to 2006 October

Contributions:

RME was a maintenance project, so I was working as an engineer for
fixing bugs of config modules, which includes Netshow, Netconfig, Config
Archives and Config Editor. 

As a part of bug fix developed Audit trail logging for NetConfig.

Developed screens for baseline config.

Handled customer cases.

As a part of bug fix developed CLI command for netconfig and netshow.

                                                                        
                                 (Bhanu Prakash Valapali)

