Krunal Bongirwar

                                                            			

E-mail: krunal.b1990@hotmail.com                                        
                              Mobile: +91 7204274032 

Objective

To seek a challenging position in software development, apply my
knowledge and skills, learn new technologies and concepts, grow along
with the organization.

Profile Summary

3+ years of IT experience in various Technologies like Java, JSP,
Servlets, JDBC, Struts, Hibernate, Spring and Oracle.

Hands on Experience in Struts Framework.

Hands on Experience in Hibernate Framework.

Hands on Experience in Spring Framework.

Hands on Experience in J2EE Design Patterns.

Hands on Experience in JSF.

Hands on Experience in J2EE Technologies (JDBC, JSP, Servlets)

Good Knowledge in XML(DTD, SCHEMA, SAX, DOM)

Good Knowledge in Struts2 Framework.

Work Experience

Education                                                               
         

B.E(CS) From RGTU, From Bhopal.

Technical Skill

Operating System	

Windows XP/2000

Language	Java

Application/Web Servers	Weblogic, Apache Tomcat, JBoss.

J2EE Technologies		JDBC, JSP, Servlets.

JEE5 Technologies	JPA

RDBMS		MySQL, Oracle

Frameworks		Hibernate, JSF, Spring, Struts

IDE	Eclipse, My Eclipse

Tools	 JUnit, Log4J



Professional Experience                                                 
                        

PROJECT #1		:	Insurance System (Jan 2014 to Till Date)

Client			:	PFIZER

Team Size		:	8

Role			:	Developer

Environment		:	Java, JSP, Spring, Hibernate, My Eclipse, Tomcat, MySQL.

Description:

This application was developed for Insurance Company usage. It provides
information regarding the services and policies of the company online to
the customers. It facilitates mutual communications between the
insurance company and all parties involved in the field through the
internet. The project was divided into various modules like Products,
Claims, Valuation, Reinsurance, and Policy servicing etc. This site also
allows the policyholders to know the status of policy and information
regarding various new policies. A customer can review his policy and
make payments online. The various kind of insurances provided includes
Vehicles Insurance, Life Insurance, Home Insurance and Health Insurance.
This application will eventually help the company to gain and maintain
leadership as well as business revenue in the insurance industry.

Responsibilities:

Designed JSP`s as per the Requirement.

Implemented Controller Classes.

Implemented Commands and their Validations.

Written Spring Service Interfaces and their implementations.

Injected Spring Services into Controller classes.

Written Spring DAO`s and their implementations With Hibernate.

Injected Spring DAO`s into Spring Services.

Written Hibernate Components

PROJECT #2   :  Trulia.com (Jan 2013 to Dec 2013)

Client	            :  Trulia.com, USA

Role                 :  Team Member

Team Size       :  8

Environment   :  Java, JSP, JSF, Spring, Hibernate, Eclipse, Web logic,
Oracle.

Description      :                 

The project entitle Real Estate online is internet application. The
objective of this portal is to make real estate business easy. The end
user can search, buy, and sell property. In search criteria have basic
search and advance search for rent, lease and buy.   In Basic search
user can search just locality and budget. In Advanced search user can
select Based on built up area number of rooms whether pure residential
or apartment or the floor in apartment etc. it will have lot of
parameters to search. The results based on customers search will be
displayed. A page may contain 5 or 10 Results as approved by real estate
group. Super Admin has a complete control of web portal. Admin can
remove a listed property from portal in case a property is already
rented out/sold etc. Admin also has a section where he can view the
properties where customers have expressed their interest in. Admin can
check how many deals are closed.

                 

Responsibilities:

Designed JSP`s as per the Requirement.

Implemented JSF Bean Classes.

Implemented Beans and their Validations.

Written Spring Service Interfaces and their implementations.

Written Spring DAO`s and their implementations With Hibernate.

Injected Spring DAO`s into Spring Services.

Written Hibernate Components.

PROJECT #3	             :	Online Reservation for Hotels (Feb 2012 to Dec
12)

Client			:	  HYPERLINK "http://www.travelnow.com"  www.travelnow.com 

Team Size		:	5

Role			:	Team Member

Environment		:	Java, JSP, Struts, Hibernate, Eclipse, Oracle, Tomcat.

Description                   :

Online reservation web application for Hotels, Cars and Airlines. Online
Reservation is a Service System, which has Clients as its different kind
of members and Vendors like Hotels, Rental Car and Air ticketing agency.
This System has different modules like Reservation, Campaigning, Payment
terms, Membership, Waiting List and Commission etc. Online Reservation
system will allow their members to have serviced in their specific
vendors station and collects payments, System has more than four payment
terms based on their membership type.

Responsibilities:

Designed JSP`s as per the Requirement.

Implemented Action Classes.

Implemented Form Beans and their Validations.

Implemented DAO`s with Hibernate.

Written Hibernate components.

PROJECT #4		:	Medisoft  (June 2011 to Jan 2012)

Client			:	St Vincents Hospitals, Australia.

Team Size		:	8

Role			:	Team Member

Environment		:	Java, JSP, Struts, JDBC, Eclipse, Tomcat, Oracle.

Description                   : 

 In todayâ€™s booming health sector, every hospital wants to provide
better facilities and services and above all the information to the
patients within minimal time. To make progress in this way, now most of
the hospitals automated most of their day to day operation to get
benefited. Medisoft is sophisticated Client server based software used
for Hospital Management System. It is used to automate broad range of
operations

The project consists of different modules like:

Patient Registration

Out Patient Management

In Patient Management

Operation theater management 

Pharmacy Management

Billing Information System

Blood Bank Information System etc

Responsibilities:    

Designed JSP`s as per the Requirement.

Implemented Action Classes.

Implemented Form Beans and their Validations.

Implemented DAO`s with JDBC

