 

									

RESUME

Name	Danush Arumugam

Education	Master Of Engineering (Computer Science)

Operating Systems	Windows 9x / 2000 / NT/XP / UNIX

Languages	Core Java and J2EE

Framework	Struts 2.0

Web Technologies	JavaScript, HTML, XML, Ajax

Mobile Technologies	Android 4.2

Databases	Oracle 11g, Sql server 2008

Contact Details	Mobile  –  +91-9940434523

E-mail  –   danusharumugam@gmail.com



Skills Summary

Around 5.8 years of total IT experience.

Extensive experience in Core Java.

Hands-on experience in Servlets, JSP,CSS, JavaScript, UNIX shell
script,Ajax, Struts1 and Struts2.0

Basic Knowledge on PL/SQL. 



PROJECT DETAILS 

FLEXCUBE

FEB 2015 to till date

Operating System

UNIX,Windows 7

Languages

 Java 1.6, XML,Shell script

Framework

Struts 2

Server

WebSphere, Tomcat 7

Database

Oracle 11g

Tools Used

Tectia 4.4 , Serena

Role

Developer

Description:

                   FLEXCUBE is the issuing system for Corporate
Customers. FLEXCUBE Interface core banking helps banks overcome the
challenges of intense competition, reduced margins and increased
customer expectations by creating a unique competitive advantage built
upon improved profitability and an extended customer reach.

                     FLEXCUBE Interfce application will interact with
entire internal partner system like JBS, Zbank,COTS etc by sharing
secured customer data .

Roles and responsibilities:

New Development & testing of interfaces

Modification of existing coding & testing as per the changes in client
requirement.

Code review.

Defect Fixing.

Deployment.

Unit testing.

   

PROJECT DETAILS 

GRBBC - Global Relationship  Banking Balance  Certificate

September 2014 to till date

Operating System

Windows 7,Unix

Languages

 Java 1.6, XML

Framework

Struts1.3 and Struts 2

Server

WebSphere, Tomcat 7

Database

Sybase Central v6.0

Tools Used

Tectia 4.4 , Serena

Role

Developer

Description:

                   GRBBC is Balance Certification issuing system for
Corporate Customers. GRBBC system would receive accounting feeds from
partner systems, store and process this data to deliver the Balance
Certificates. Based on the role, allows creating and authorizing the
request.

                     It also facilitates the users to generate various
kinds of reports. Functionalities grouped in the modules like Customer,
BCRequest Log, Balance Certificates and Reports. 

Roles and responsibilities:

Migrating application from Struts 1.3 to Struts2 framework.

Modification of existing coding & testing as per the changes in client
requirement.

Code review.

Deployment.

Unit testing.

   

PROJECT DETAILS

Guidewire center of excellence

January 2014 to August 2014

Operating System

Windows XP

Languages

Gosu, Java 1.6, XML

Databases

Oracle 11g, Sqlserver 2008

Tools Used

Guidewire Studio, Eclipse, SVN

Role

Developer

Description:

                   Guidewire provides a complete set of applications to
support Insurance core operations—underwriting, policy administration,
billing, and claims management. Insurance Suite’s comprehensive
applications are built on a common platform, covering the property and
casualty insurance lifecycle while providing the deep functionality
customers require to replace their existing legacy systems.

HCL’s Guidewire Center of Excellence (CoE) is formed to have expertise
in Guidewire Products, especially in BillingCenter, ClaimCenter and
PolicyCenter and explore the various techniques in various streams such
as Configuration, Integration, and Conversion which leads to develop,
document and deliver Solution accelerators.            

Roles and responsibilities:

Done with Internal training- ClaimCenter 7.0., PolicyCenter 7.0 in both
Configuration and Integration.

Involved in Accelerator work in ClaimCenter

Project 

eUniv

Period

Sep 2011 to  Dec 2013

Role

Lead Developer

Operating System

Windows 9x / 2000 / NT/XP

Technologies

Android 4.2,JSP, Servlets,   Apache Tomcat 6.0,MySql 5.1

Description:

                      The It is a Complete University management
Software used within an intranet. It handles almost all modules of
everyday transactions within the university. It includes Admission,
Academic, Student, Staff, Transport, Library, Accounts, Exam, Campus and
Hostel Management.

	Student Attendance Module is developed in Android 4.2.It enables
tracking and monitoring student’s attendance accurately. Percentage of
presence, absence calculations and generation of relevant reports are
fully automated.

Roles and responsibilities:

Conceptualized,designed,developed and deployed mobile applications for
University Software

New Development & testing of interfaces. 

Modification of existing interfaces & testing as per the changes in
client requirement.

Code review.

Review the deliverable of the team member.

System Testing

Project 

HR KPI DASHBOARD

Period

Mar 2010 to Aug 2011

Role

Developer

Operating System

Windows-7

Technologies

JSP, Servlets, Sql Server 2008

Description:

                     People & Culture KPI Dashboard for Vestas  in order
to monitor head count growth, employee activity and recruitment of
Technology R & D from the single screen. To compute the Key Performance
Indicators, provide reports, charts to analyze the KPI trends across
various parameters. It will also handle ad-hoc reporting or charting
requirements with much ease.  . 

Roles and responsibilities:

Coordinating with the client to ensure compliance with new, ongoing
changes in functional requirements.

New Development & testing of interfaces. 

Modification of existing interfaces & testing as per the changes in
client requirement.

Code review.

Review the deliverable of the team member.

System Testing

  





	

HCL Technologies India							        Page   PAGE  4  of   NUMPAGES  4 

