From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  1 year
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â - 4 year&
last
projectÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  3
yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  8.4 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â 8yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  4 year

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
AntÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Eclipse/RAT,tomcat,weblogic

Ok for bitchemy

Dharani Kolukula                    	                                   
                                                                        
                      Mob: +91-9704436260                               
          Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:geddadi.dharani@gmail.com" \t
"_blank"  geddadi.dharani@gmail.com 

OBJECTIVE

To utilize the technical and analytical skills assimilated through my
academic and professional career in a challenging environment and to
contribute effectively for the organization and for my own career
growth.

EDUCATION                                

Bachelor of Technology, Chemical Engineering, NIT Warangal              
       			                       June â€™02 - May â€™06

EXPERIENCE

Cognizant Technology Solutions, Hyderabad			                    

Associate - Projects								         June '06 â€“till Date

   

SKILL SET

Programming Languages: Java, J2EE

Concepts: Web services, Spring, Hibernate, JAXB, Ant, Drools, Http
Client, AJAX,Java Script,CSS and HTML

Platforms: Linux, Windows 98, NT, XP

Servers: Apache Tomcat, Web Sphere, Vignette App Portal

Databases: Oracle 9i, DB2, MS SQL and MSAccess

Software/Tools: Eclipse, RAD, Cvs, Svn, SOAPUI

                  

PROJECTS

Derivative Technologies for Northern Trust								            
Aug'12-till Date

Responsibilities: As a Senior Developer,

Involved in the analysis, design and development of new dockets.

Understanding the overall project flow.

Prepared high level design document.

Prepared flow charts for the JCAPS component of the entire project.	

CTN-ADT for Amex Financial Services USA								           Mar'12-Aug'12

Responsibilities: As a Senior Developer,

Developed the Entire profile flow of the application

Unit testing of this flow

Worked on implementation of exception handling

Fixed code review comments

Bank Proxy for Ameriprise Financial Services USA.								Dec'11-Feb'12

Responsibilities: As an Onsite Tech Lead,

Daily communicated with offshore team for business clarifications and
drafting the mails accordingly.

Involved in the development of toggling mechanism using JMX and groovy
to enable the toggle between old system and new system.

Involved in code review and Unit testing

Columbia R11-P22D for Ameriprise Financial Services USA.						
Jan'11-Dec'11

Responsibilities: As an Onsite Tech Lead,

Worked closely with the customer and align with the requirements and
their implementation.

Involved in meetings with Ameriprise Architect for design discussions.

Involved in the Cross Commit calls and co-ordinated with them for quick
resolutions and clarifications.

Daily communicated with offshore team for business clarifications and
drafting the mails accordingly 

Provided an effective and efficient solution while working on UAT
issues.

Involved in soft launch and hard launch of the site.

ServiceOnline for Ameriprise Financial Services USA. 							
Apr'10-Jan'11

Responsibilities: As a Development Lead,

Review the requirements and freeze on the technical implementation.

Write high level technical documentation of the implementation of
features.

Mentoring the team under me and help them out in all aspects of SDLC.

Involved in developing the Registration Flow which is the critical and
challenging part in the application. It includes Web Service calls to
Third Party applications.

Communicating with Cross commit teams (Third Party Vendors) to get
clarifications on the process.

Effectively handled the code integration and deploying it in App Server.

Work on the post-production operational issues and get them resolved in
time.

AAHOnline for Ameriprise Financial Services USA.. 								Feb'09-Mar'10

Responsibilities: As a Senior Developer,

involved in Analysis and Design of the AAHÂ Online application that
demanded a flexibility of changing user interfacing forms, queries and
business rules without restart of the application servers.

Designed and developed the complete back end of the application which
interacts with Third party vendors and saving the user entered answers
in Database.

Responsible for developing and maintaining the user interface using the
VAP product that involved development of web interface using JSP,
Servlets, JavaScript.

Was involved in writing and implementing business rules using the DROOLS
tool

Early Warning System for Ameriprise Financial Services USA. 						
Feb'07-Jan'09

Responsibilities: As a Developer,

Involved in understanding and analyzing the basic system requirements.

Involved in Analysis, Design, Construction, Testing phases.

Involved in Onsite interactions on daily basis in getting clarifications
on requirements. 

Code Reviews. 

Integration and System Testing in E1 Environment

Mutual Fund Sales Process for Ameriprise Financial Services USA. 					
Sept'06-Jan'07

Responsibilities: As a Developer,

Involved in analyzing the Process Flow and undergone with code
walk-through.

Involved in Testing phases.

