From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 
3yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â - 
3yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  - 
1.5yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  4years

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  2 years

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

             Tomcat

Ok to work with startup

	         

	 				                                       Mobile: +91-8956679759

      Devendra Modem			                                    E-mail:
devendra.modem@gmail.com





Summary of Skills:

Around 4 years of experience in IT industry, specifically in Application
and Product development using Java and J2EE technologies.

Strong work experience on Spring, Struts, Hibernate and Junit
frameworks.

Strong experience on Application server such as Web logic and Web
servers such as Apache 

       Tomcat.

Extensive work experience in Core Java, J2EE technologies, including
JDBC, Servlets, JSP, 

      Struts, Spring, Hibernate and SOAP and REST Web-Services Clients.

Good Implementation knowledge on MVC design pattern by using Struts and
Spring frameworks.

Client-side validations using Java Script.

Solid team player with very good interpersonal skills, decision making,
well organized, resourceful     and committed to quality.

Self-motivated and self-reliant, capable of working alone or as part of
a team.

Professional Experience:

Currently working as a Sr. Software Engineer in Tech Mahindra Pvt Ltd.,
Pune from Mach-â€˜14 to till date.

Worked as a Software Engineer in Cybage Software Pvt Ltd., Pune from
Dec-â€˜10 to 28-Feb-2014.

Education Summary:

B.Tech (CSIT) from J.N.T. University, Hyderabad.

Technical Skills:

Java /J2EE Skills	: Core Java, J2EE, Adobe Flex, Action Script, MXML,
Flex Builder

Frameworks		: Struts, Hibernate, Spring and JUNIT

Data base		: Oracle, SQL Server2005/2008

Internet Technologies	: HTML, Java Script, XML

Tools			: CVS, Mercurial Hg, SVN, ANT, Sikuli

Web/App servers	: Tomcat, Web logic

IDEâ€™S			: Eclipse, My Eclipse

Project Details:

Project #1

Title		:  Unified Portal

Client		:  Megapath Customer Portal, US

Environment	:  Core java, Servlets, JSP, JSTL, Spring, Liferay, Tomcat,
Web Services.

Operating Systems:  Windows 7

Tools	:  JUnit, Ant, Tortoise svn, Maven

Database	:  Oracle

Designation	:  Sr. Software Engineer

Organization	      :  Tech Mahindra Pvt.Ltd.

Description:

                  MegaPath has identified the need for an excellent
customer experience for their customer to achieve profit in business.

A unified portal (UP) will be built to realize functionality for
self-service of customers as well as for agent use in specific areas. 

The proposed functionality of UP comprises:

1.Sales agent screens for quoting and ordering products for SMB and
enterprise segment

2.Self-service screens for quoting and ordering products for SMB and
enterprise segment

Roles and Responsibilities:

Analyze the existing application and then development and testing.

Involved in implementation of DAO, Service, View layers using Spring
MVC.

Involved in implementation of Controllers using Spring MVC.

Involved in implementation of SOAP and REST Web Services Clients.

Involved in implementation of validations.

Involved in Unit Testing and Bug Fixing.

Project #2

Title		:  PROS Revenue Management System â€“ PROS O&D

Client		:  PROS, US

Environment	:  Core java, Flex, OLAP, XML, XSLT, MXML, Action Script and
Tomcat

Operating Systems:  Windows 7, Unix

Tools	:  JUnit, Ant, Mercurial, CVS

Databases	:  Oracle, SQL Server

Designation	:  Software Engineer

Organization	:  Cybage Software Pvt Ltd.

                        

Description:

                   The highly configurable PROS O&D Solutionsâ„¢ are
revenue management tools for the airline industry. They provide
significant incremental revenue benefits over traditional leg/segment
solutions. Airlines that implement the PROS O&D solutions have a major
advantage over competitors with traditional leg-based RM solutions.

PROS O&D solutions provide powerful tools to address airline
revenue-critical challenges, including:

1.  Aligning the Revenue Management department with the network
planning, pricing and sales       departments

2.  Maximizing revenue opportunity for major hub-based or
network-oriented airlines

3.  Determining the optimal fare mix to maximize revenue and yield
performance

4.  Managing price-availability requests at the point-of-sale level

Roles and Responsibilities:

Analyze the existing application and then development and testing.

Involved in Feature development, testing and bug fixing.

Involved in JUnit Testing.

Involved in coding for database interactions using Hibernate framework.

Involved in migration of database from Oracle to SQL Server.

Involved in SQL Server database schema design, testing and bug fixing.

Estimate the task based on the requirements.

Client communication.

Prepare process related document applicable to the project.

Project #3

Title		:  Health Care Management System

Client		:  Electra Group, US

Environment	:  Core java, Servlets, JSP, JSTL, Struts, Hibernate, Tomcat

Operating Systems:  Windows 7

Tools	:  JUnit, Ant, Tortoise svn, Maven

Database	:  Oracle

Designation	:  Software Engineer

Organization	:  Cybage Software Pvt. Ltd.

                        

Description:

                  This application designed for multispecialty
hospitals, to cover a wide range of Hospital administration and
management processes. It is an integrated client server application uses
Java Struts front-end GUI builder and Oracle as the database. EHMS
contains Hospital Management system, Clinical and Education as main
modules. This provides for enquiries about the patient, the patientâ€™s
location, admission and appointment scheduling, discharge details and
public relations. Medical colleges, Libraries, Nursing, Optometry,
Training, Master and residential doctors come under Education module.
This information kept within a hospital information system (HIS)
includes sensitive personal data that reveals the most intimate aspects
of an individualâ€™s life.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Analyze the existing application and then development and testing.

Involved in coding for JSP pages, Form bean classes and Action classes
in Struts framework.

Involved in validations by using Struts validation framework.

Involved in developing code for Database interactions using Hibernate
framework.

Involved in GUI screens using JSP and JSTL.

Involved in Unit Testing and Bug Fixing.

Trainings Attended:

2011 - Oracle, SQL Server 2008.

2011 - Unix and Operating system Concepts.

2011 - Introduction to Airline Fare and Fare Loading S6/7.

