HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3
yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â - 3
YearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  - 
1yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  4.5year 

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â  2year

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  6 month

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â  
Maven & Ant 

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.] 

eclipse,weblogic,jboss,tomcat

Code : 70% code 30%

Ready to work for startup

Leelakrishna Dakarapu

			Role: IT-Engineer. 

Ph: +91-9885425828.	 							Email: leelakrishna5@hotmail.com

Career Objective

PROFILE

 Having 6.8 years of overall  experience in core java & J2EE 

 Experienced in agile methodologies 

 Development and maintenance of Client-Server applications in Java-J2EE
Technology

 Keen knowledge in Java,  HTML, XML, JavaScript, Oracle 9i,  Struts, 
Java Beans, JSP, Servlets, Jsf, Hibernate, and JDBC  Spring .

 Always delivered projects or modules on time adhering to schedule

Good Knowledge  in Middleware technologies like oracle SOA, EAI.

Thorough understanding of the SDLC with proficiency in mapping business
requirements, technical documentation, application design, development,
integration, testing, support and troubleshooting for information
systems management. 

An effective team member with proven abilities to be a part of the team
during any SDLC phase, Mentoring team members to improve their skills.

Involved in design, development and warranty support of projects.

Experience in application/web servers like Apache, Jboss, Web Sphere ,
Web logic ,Glassfish AppServer and Tomcat.

KEY ACHIEVEMENTS

 Sun certified Professional Java SE 5 Programmer with very strong Core
Java Concepts.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating System	Windows XP, Unix.

Languages	Core JAVA, J2EE.

Scripting Languages	JavaScript, Ajax, Basics of Ext Js.

Web Technologies

Frameworks	JSP, Servlet, HTML, XML, XSD, XSLT, XPATH, CSS, Basics of Web
services .

Struts, Basics of  Spring and JSF .

IDE/ Tools	Eclipse ,Net Beans, PL/SQL Developer.

Web Server

DB Programming

DB Languages

Application Servers

Unit Testing 

Version Control Tool	Apache Tomcat .

 JDBC, Hibernate.

Oracle, Mysql .

Jboss , Web Sphere , Web logic and Glassfish AppServer .

Knowledge on Junit.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:	

CMC  LTD (Tata Enterprise.) - Hyderabad                                 
	                 MAYâ€™11 TO TILL DATE.

AppLabs Technologies Pvt. Ltd(A CSC company) - Hyderabad	   FEBâ€™10  TO
APRâ€™11.			

Prime Technology Group Inc - Hyderabad	               	   	  OCTâ€™07 TO
JANâ€™10  .

                                                                    

Key Projects Undertaken

GOLD ESP---(Boeing formerly MIRO Technologies, USA)				Decâ€™12 â€“ till
date

MIRO project is related to aero space domain. Providing the services
like maintaining, repairing , and ordering of products. Miro
Technologies provides advanced software solutions that manage
maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) for high value, complex assets
for air space, sea and ground. Our service-enabled maintenance and
logistics management technology facilitates logistics enterprise
integration and innovation to ensure organizational agility, optimize
supply chain management and reduce sustainment costs. Since 1981, Miro
Technologies has been a trusted partner to major aerospace and defense
companies, commercial airlines and military forces across five
continents



	Platform	Windows XP

Technologies	Java, Servlets, JSP,   Hibernate, Spring MVC, Ext JS 3.2,
Struts1.2,Ant.

Tools

Frameworks

Server	Eclipse, 

JAFFA (Java Application Framework for All).

Jboss 4.2

Team size 	15



Responsibilities:

Effectively participated in requirement analysis, application, design,
coding and post release support of delivered versions.

Designing and reviewing of the front end screens with high usability
through which user can design the process with minimal number of steps.

Identifying functional and technical gaps,  estimating work.

Involved in design and implementing Product using latest technology with
high quality and on time delivery using optimized processes and agile
methodologies.

Resolving the bugs encountered and Involved in the writing the test
cases.

Marine Container Handling system (MACH)-CMC India			  Mayâ€™11 â€“
Novâ€˜12

Marine Container Handling system (MACH) is a comprehensive, proven
container  management system, integrating all the varied and complex
activities of the container terminal and container freight station
(CFS). Â MACH streamlines and accelerates the operation of these
facilities, resulting in Faster vessel turnaround times, Effective
resource planning, Optimal utilization of yard, quay, equipment and
personnel. MACH is based on information technology architecture that
enables terminals to implement state-of-the-art solutions in an
incremental manner, with minimum disturbance to other connected systems.
For maximizing the efficiency of the container terminal, MACH implements
functionalities that fully take into account the complexities of gate,
vessel, yard and rail operations, as well as the container planning
exercises.

MACH. Yard Planning:Â This GUI based module helps the container terminal
optimize the use of yard space and equipment utilization. This module
interfaces with MACH.OPS for streamlined, real time operations.

A Standalone product used for administrating the Container process. This
is used by the Container administrators to perform multiple operations
of Container/cargo on Ship, yard planning and manage their flow.



	Platform	Windows XP,Unix

Technologies	Java, Swing, Servlets , EJB, Jdbc ,Eclipse, Oracle,Maven.

Tools

server	Eclipse,

JBoss

Team size 	12

Responsibilities:

Involving in customer demos

Development, Bug Fixing, Unit testing, Maintenance.

Maintaining the Server configuration and Troubleshooting the Application
server.

JBOSS Clustering setup and administration, Install, Configure and
maintained JBOSS  servers .

Involved Testing of  Export and import Cycle of Container

Working as a key team player I have effectively participated in
requirements analysis, design and coding

Have good knowledge in writing functional and unit test cases using
JUnit

I involved in Code analysis for enhancement requirements, development of
Yard Planning module for Different Client PENANG PORT SDN BHD  (PPSB),
L&T SHIPBUILDING LIMITED(LTSB), ADANI HAZIRA PORT LIMITED(ADANI),
CHENNAI INTERNATIONAL TERMINALS PRIVATE LIMITED(CITPL).

Involved in Weekly client meetings, and updating the status of assigned
tasks

  

AppCloud Manager(AppLabs,India)							Sepâ€™10 â€“ Marâ€˜11

The main objective of this project is to generate performance test
reports. This tool generate the performance test reports from Jmeter log
files, it will  generate the reports in different formats like Graphs,
word document, Excel sheet, and html format. This project contains
different types of modules like.

1. Performance Test Results Wizard  2. Configurations Module   3. Admin
4. Questionnaire .

Platform	Windows XP

Technologies	JSP, Struts, Hibernate,

Tools	Eclipse, , Web Logic

Team size 	8

Responsibilities:

Development,  Maintenance, Handling Customer Cases

Involved in designing and coding the  modules to generate test reports
from Jmeter log files. 

IBA(AppLabs ,India)								             Marâ€™10 â€“ Sepâ€˜11

IBA means Internal Business Application, The main objective of the IBA
is provide the internal applications like attendance regularization,
resource tracking ,cab booking.

Platform	Windows XP

Technologies	Java,Spring,Hibernate

Tools

server	Eclipse,

Tomcat 6.0

Team size 	6

Responsibilities:

Development, Bug Fixing, Unit testing, Maintenance, Handling Customer
Cases

Involved in UI design development.

Involved in designing and coding the  modules like attendance
regularization , resource tracking ,cab booking .

Involved in integrating my module with the framework. 

Actively involved in deploying the application in Client server and 
fixing the issues.

Maintaining the Server configuration and Troubleshooting the Application
server.

Happier.com (Reflective Learning INC, USA)						Febâ€™09 â€“ Janâ€˜10

Happier.com is leading distributor of research-backed online solutions
to make people happier and more resilient. They are leveraging
partnerships with universities and thought-leaders to identify and
develop products which respond to market demand for self-enhancement
solutions. Consumers have an untapped affinity for the product line and
will subscribe for access to fresh, approved content, affinity
communities with user-generated material, and access to experts. The
main features in application are exercises and assignments for users to
improve their happiness day by day. The application facilitates the
representation of day in graph and most frequently done activities in
the form of cloud and facilitates the saving his future plans and
thoughts.



	Platform	Windows XP

Technologies	Java,Jsp,Spring MVC , Hibernate,AJAX.

Tools

server	Eclipse, 

Glass Fish server

Team size 	8

Responsibilities:

Involved in requirement gathering and analysis for enhancements.

Involved in UI design development as per Reflective Learning standards.

Involved in designing and coding the Assessments module.

Involved in integrating my module with the framework. 

Actively involved in deploying the application in Client server.

Wireless Directory Network (Flat wire, USA)				Janâ€™08 â€“ Janâ€˜09

The main objective of this project is to design, develop and
commercialize the first global directory assistance database for mobile
telephone numbers. This is a scratch development project and uses Front
controller design pattern. It is developed on JSF framework which is
advance in technology. It also uses Face lets for the presentation
layer. The persistence layer is incorporated with JPA.  



	Platform	Windows XP

Technologies	Java,Jsp, Servlet , JSF,  DHTML,

Tools

server	Net Beans.

Web logic Server

Team size 	8

Responsibilities:

Developed the UI screens for Signup, and admin module using JSF.

Understood all the components in JSF which are useful in project.

Involved in designing client side validations by using JavaScript.

Deploying and troubleshooting of Application On Web Logic Server. 

EDUCATIONAL & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

B.TECH (Information Technology), 2007

Andhra University, 73%

Higher Secondary, 2003

State Board, 77%

High School, 2001

State Board of Andhra Pradesh, 71%        

OTHER DETAILS

Date of Birth: 19th May 1985

Languages Known: English, Telugu

Marital Status: Single.

Nationality: Indian.

