From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â 1
year,previousÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â 1yearsÂ Â &currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -1yearÂ Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 3years

Design PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -singleton Â Â Â  

UML designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -RSAÂ Â  


Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Tomcat,weblogic

	 

                     SRIDHAR R (E-Mail:rayana.sridhar09@gmail.com)

                          CELL: +91-8008345619, Hyderabad, India

	

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

To be part of an esteemed organization in an area of software
development, support or maintenance and prove myself as an individual
and a person who would be able to apply his resources and his variant
skills in a mutually symbiotic atmosphere.

PROFILE SUMMARY:

3+ years of experience and expertise in analysis, design, development
and Implementation of web based applications using Java and J2EE
technologies.

Experience in phases of project life-cycle development (SDLC) from

Requirements gathering & Analysis to Conceptual Design & Development to

Documentation, Testing, Implementation.

Development Working areas include the implementation of Java and J2EE 

     Technologies (Servlets, JSP).

Strong working Experience in using Struts, Spring and Hibernate Frame
works.

Having good knowledge on basic concepts of Hibernate and Restful Web
Services.

Working Experience in using DB S/wâ€™s like Oracle and PostGreSQL.

Good experience in working with Application servers likes OC4J Server,

VMware vfabric Tc server.

Having good analytical and programming skills.

Result-Driven professional with good experience in working with teams.

Dedicated fast Learner and self motivated with good communications and

Interpersonal skills.

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS:

Languages	Java(J2SE,J2EE)

J2EE Technologies	JSP, Servlets, JDBC

Web Technologies	HTML ,Web Services(XML,SOAP,WSDL,UDDI)

Development Tools	Spring Tool Suite,MyEclipse6.0,NetBeans

Databases	PostGreSQL,Oracle 9i

Application Servers	OC4J Server, Web logic, VMware Vfabric Tc server

Frameworks	Struts, Spring, Hibernate

Scripting Language	Java Script

Testing 	JUnit

Special softwareâ€™s	SVN, RSA, SoapUI, Toad, Maven

EXPERIENCE PROFILE:

	

Working with Tata Consultancy Services Ltd, Hyderabad as Systems 

      Engineer (Febâ€™11 to till date).

EDUCATION:

MCA (Master of Computer Applications) from S.V.K.P & Dr K.S Raju A&S

     College, Andhra University with aggregate 71%.

PROJECT DETAILS:

PROJECT # 1:

Name             : State Farm â€“ Base Event

Client             : State Farm Insurance, USA

Environment   : Java, J2EE, Spring (IOC, MVC), SFX, Apache CXF Web
services

Team Size      : 30

Duration         : Jan'13 to Till Date

Project Description:

State Farm wants to build a dedicated Hub and Bundle application as part
of CDE (Customer Driven Evolution) program. Hub and Bundle is one of the
Customer Driven Evolution (CDE) goals for phase 1 to deliver Cross-Sell
functionality, which is a structured set of activities and messages that
guides the user through a multiple product quote and application process
allowing them to make a single purchase decision in a seamless and
transparent experience.

The high level concepts that make up the entire Cross-Sell framework
consists of opportunity messaging,multi product new acquisition quote
and application flow, the agreement hub integrating with the payment
process and purchase confirmation.

Roles/Responsibilities:

Involve in the end to end development of projects covering all phases of
Software 

     Development Life Cycle including Requirement Analysis, Designing,

     Build/Construction, Unit /Assembly Testing and Deployment.

Providing High Level & low level Design and attending the design review
meetings 

     With customers architect team.

Build the code based on the requirements using spring framework, CXF Web

     Services, SFX (Client customized framework) and RSA editor.

Carrying out everyday tasks based on customerâ€™s prioritization of
work.

Responsible for unit testing of the above modules.

PROJECT # 2:

Name             : CEG â€“ SEF (Customer Engineering Group)

Client              : TCS Internal

Environment   : Java, J2EE, Spring ORM, Hibernate, Web logic Server

Team Size       : 15

Duration         : Apr'12 to Decâ€™12

Project Description:

A HOB (Hosted OSS BSS Solutions) is a product intended to fulfill all
the basic needs of any Telecom service providers. Collections and CLM
(Credit Limit Monitoring) are the two sub modules designed for the
Billing module for HOBS. These two modules perform the automation for
the back end operations related to the credit limit for the post-paid
users.

Roles/Responsibilities:

Direct interaction with the client for gathering requirements.

Involved in the coding and implementation of Collections and CLM module.

Involved in the Data Access Classes (DAO) to access the Data Base.

Responsible for unit & integration testing of the above modules.

PROJECT # 3:

Name             : VMI Flexi Pay

Client             : Virgin Mobile of India

Environment   : Oracle DB, SQL, PL/SQL, putty, WinScp402

Team Size      : 15

Duration         : Janâ€™12 to Marâ€™12

Project Description:

The Flexi Pay system will be an upcoming system to provide the customer
a facility which is a trade off between prePaid systems and postpaid
systems. Here the customer receives an itemized bill like that of a
postPaid customer, yet he has the ability to top up his mobile using
recharge coupons. This type of system has been designed by adding a
billing module namely vBill to the existing prepaid system. This vBill
module is further divided into various sub-modules based on their
functionalities and purpose.

Roles/Responsibilities:

Handling end-to-end billing activities on 1st and 15th   of every month.

LPC Viewer, Set Clearence flag, reset the suppression flags.

Uploading payment files into VBILL system.

Handling the production issues like suspension, unsuspension, uploading
of  

     Rejected INDRs, Pre Bill Run before bill run dates, etc.

PROJECT # 4:

Name             : ITSME

Client             : TataTele Services Ltd

Environment   : Struts, Oracle, OC4J Server

Team Size      : 25

Duration         : Feb'11 to Decâ€™11

Project Description:

IT service management enablerÂ (ITSMEÂ orÂ IT services) is a discipline
for managingÂ IT systems, philosophically centered on theÂ customer's
perspective of IT's contribution to the business.Â ITSM stands in
deliberate contrast to technology-centered approaches to IT management
and business interaction. 

Roles/Responsibilities:

Providing High Level & low level Design and attending the design review
meetings 

     With customers architect team.

Developed the business logic with the Struts framework consisting of
Action

     Classes and Action forms.

Worked in Development of Incident Management and Event Management

      Modules.

Developed JSPâ€™s with Struts Tag libraries.

Involved in the Data Access Classes (DAO) to access the Data Base.

TRAINING ATTENDED:

Year	Title	Location	Organized By

2012	Spring Framework	 Hyderabad	 TCS

2012	Hibernate Framework	 Hyderabad	 TCS



PERSONAL DETAILS:

Date of Birth		01st, Jan 1984

Sex			Male

Nationality		Indian

Marital Status	Married

Date of Joining 	02nd Feb, 2011

Designation		Systems Engineer

Location		Hyderabad, India

                                     

                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                             

		Page   PAGE  1  of   NUMPAGES  4 

