From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â MybatisÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2.5 year
& current

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -  2.5 year& current
YearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â 
-RESTFULÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â  7 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
-Â Â used in projectÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
-Â Â  used

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
Maven/AntÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Eclipse/weblogic/jboss/tomcat/sonar/checkstyle

Strong in reflection and db skill

Sushil Ranjankumar Joharapurkar

Present Address: B 101, Omega Paradise, Wakad, Pune. 411057.

Email:  sushil.joharapurkar@gmail.com        Phone: 9850042930.

________________________________________________________________________
_____

Objective: 

Looking for a very advanced, challenging and responsible position in a
well-established organization that will allow me to utilize my designing
and development skills.

Experience Summary:	

Over 6+ years of IT experience in development of diverse projects.

Skilled in team management and has a fair experience in requirement
study and analysis and implementation. 

Responsible for Client interaction, 

Responsible for interaction with in house senior management.

Ability to deliver successful results within schedule.

Hands on experience in core Java.

Work Experience:

Organization	Tenure	Designation

PubMatic	Nov, 12 to Till date	Sr Software Engineer

Synerzip 	Aug, 12 to Oct, 12	Software Engineer

Persistent Systems Ltd	Sep, 10 to July, 12	Sr. Software Engineer

Supreme Soft Solutions	May, 09 to Sep 10	Software Engineer

WikiOcean	Jan, 08 to April, 09	Software Engineer



Technical Exposure:

Programming Language	Java, C++.

Web Technology	HTML, JavaScript, REST, JAZZ, OSLC

Frameworks	Spring, JSF.

Database	MySQL, PostgreSQL

Tools	Eclipse, NetBeans6.8, SVN, ADE, Jdev, Jenkins

Web/Application Servers	WebLogic, Websphere, Tomcat, JBoss 



Projects Developed:

Project Name	: Inventory Discovery

Organization	: PubMatic

Technologies	: Java, REST, Spring 3.0, MyBatis, Shell Scripting

 6

Features	: PubMatic has come up with an innovative solution to advertise
the available inventory. Publishers to create packages with required
details to display their inventory. They can control the visibility of
those packages. Advertisers can then discover various packages as per
their needs. 

Role: 

Sr Software Engineer

Plan, design and document the solutions

Optimized and efficient code

Test cases using JUnits

Set up continuous integration using Jenkins

Ownership to deliver on strict time line 

Project Name	: Demand Portal

Organization	: PubMatic

Technologies	: Core Java, Spring 2.5, MyBatis, PHP 5.2, Shell Scripting

 6

Features	: PubMatic offers quality products for ad channel sales
management and capitalize revenue gain for publishers. Having done well
as the sales side platform, PubMatic has come up with a solution to
advertisers through Demand Portal. Demand Portal offers features like
campaign creation, violation management, reporting and many other
related services to demand side entities.

Role: 

Sr Software Engineer

Take ownership of the tasks and ensure scheduled delivery

Analyze, re-factor and optimize the code

Identify improvements and develop those

Cross language barrier and work on UI or scripts to ensure timely
delivery

Ensure code quality through code reviews and JUnits

Project Name	: Specialty Pharmacy Development

Organization	: Synerzip SoftTech Private Ltd.

Technologies	: Core Java, Spring 2.5, Hibernate 3.0, JSF 1.2

 10

Features	: This project is to extend the already developed pharmacy
software to support the requirements for specialty pharmacies. It
requires developing new screens using JSF and Swing. To support the UI,
writing backing beans in core java. Writing Business Services for
business logic. Writing DTOs to store and retrieve from Oracle database.

Role: 

Software Engineer

To develop screens using JSF and Swing

Writing Backing Beans, Business Services and DTOs

Write JUnit Test cases

Project Name	: Oracle Access Manager.

Organization	: Persistent Systems Ltd.

Technologies	: Core Java.

 4

Features	: Oracle Access Manager is a well-known product for web
security management. Oracle covers both, identity as well as access
management for web applications. Along with built in authentication and
authorization schemes, OAM also allows companies to define their own
schemes and thus offering great customization facility and integration
flexibilities to end user. 

Role: 

Senior Software Engineer

To deploy OAM 11g on WAS

Develop Session Synchronization Filter for WAS

High Availability functionality for Identity Asserter on WAS 

Write JUnit Test cases for migration from 10g to 11g

Troubleshoot issues related to WLS and WAS Identity Assertion Provider

Troubleshoot issues in Pure Java ASDK

Project Name	: OSLC Adapter for JIRA (Issue Tracking Tool)

Organization	: Persistent Systems Ltd.

Technologies	: Core Java, Servlet, JSP, JavaScript, DOJO, HTML.

 3

Features	: OSLC stands for Open Services for Lifecycle Collaboration. It
is an IBM initiative to break brittle bridges and other integration
hurdles among various lifecycle products/tools. OSLC reduces most of the
integration complexities elegantly and also provides rich set of highly
desired features. The project aimed at developing an OSLC adapter for a
non â€“ OSLC compliant open source issue tracking tool - JIRA. The
adapter provides OSLC recommended services like RDF/XML representation
for the resources, UI for selection, UI preview dialogs for resources,
service provider catalog etc.

Role: 

Senior Software Engineer

Single handedly developed the adapter

Study and analyze provided REST APIs

Design and Development

Unit testing and Troubleshooting

Project Name	: Integration between IBM Rational Quality Manager and JIRA

Organization	: Persistent Systems Ltd.

Technologies	: Core Java, C.

 5

Features	: This project involves integration of one OSLC compliant,
proprietary, lifecycle product â€“ IBM Rational Quality Manager with an
open source, wildly used non-OSLC compliant, lifecycle product - JIRA.
Both the products are RESTful. Each provides REST APIs to carry out most
of the operations.

Role: 

Senior Software Engineer

Study and understand REST.

Design and planning

Guide interns in the Development

Meet the goals and deadlines

Project Name	: Integration between IBM RQM and HP QTP

		  Integration between IBM RQM and HP LR

Organization	: Persistent Systems Ltd.

Technologies	: Core Java, Eclipse plugin.

 3

Features	: This project involves integration between two proprietary
test management products. The adapter allows importing test scripts from
one product into another, either one at a time or in bulk. It also
allows user to execute those imported scripts and displays result of the
execution. The flow is restricted to one direction only.

Role: 

Senior Software Engineer

To enhance performance and functionality

Troubleshooting

Project Name	: Integration between IBM Rational Doors and HP QC

Organization	: Persistent Systems Ltd.

Technologies	: Core Java, C++ (COM Programming).

 8

Features	: This project involves integration between two giant,
proprietary, requirements and quality management products. The adapter
allows importing requirements from one product into another. The flow is
restricted to one direction only.

Role: 

Software Engineer

Study and understand the functionality of involved products

Requirements analysis and Investigation towards fulfillment of the
requirements

Project Name	: Automation Framework

Organization	: Supreme Soft Solutions

Technologies	: Java

 4

Features	: The project is a development of a product for automating all
testing overheads. The application is complete testing suite which has
features such as test case specification, test case execution and data
base support for saving test cases and results, reporting and logging
for all kind of test cases. The product can also be integrated with any
other testing tool or front end and used for saving data and results.
Reports can be generated anytime from the underlying database layer.
Database used is MySQL.

Role: 

Java Developer

GUI designing and development

Development

Unit testing and Troubleshooting

Project Name	: Optolabs â€“ POOL â€“ OpenBravo ERP Integration

Organization	: WikiOcean, Pune.

Technologies	: Java, POOL.

Team Size	: 7

Databases	: Optolabs, PostgreSQL.

Features	: The client GKB-Optolabs was leading lenses, goggles etc
manufacturer in India. The main idea was to integrate clientâ€™s
existing software with OpenBravo ERP through WikiOceanâ€™s product POOL.
This project mainly dealt with different Modules of an ERP such as
Marketing, Sales, Purchase, HRD, Accounts and Finance, Production,
Stores and other departments of a production company.

Role: 

Java Developer

Client interactions through direct visits and over phone to analyze
requirements.

Train team over clientâ€™s software.

Designing Database and stored procedures, functions and triggers.

Development.

Other projects developed at WikiOcean:

Integration of POOL with various products like Drupal, OsCommerce,
OpenBravo, SugarCRM.

Education:

B.E (Comp) - From K. K. Wagh, Nashik under Pune University in 2007 with
Higher Second Class.

H.S.C. (Sci) - From Modern College, Pune under Pune Board in 2003 with
First Class.

S.S.C.         - From J.D. Chaware, Karanja (Lad) under Amravati Board
in 2001 with Distinction.

Extra-Curricular:

Awarded 'Spot Award' in PubMatic in February, 14.

Won Gold Medal in Dimaag Ki Batti(an intra-company coding competition),
in 2010 and 2011.

Awards

â€˜Best Event Organizationâ€™, Annual College Gathering, 07.

â€˜Best Volunteerâ€™, Annual College Gathering, 07.

Active participation in NSS.

Merit in Primary Scholarship Examination.

Personal Profile:

Date of Birth: 26th Sep, 1985.

	Languages Known: Marathi, English, and Hindi.

Marital Status: Married.

Nationality: Indian.

References: Can be revealed as and when required.

  PAGE  1 

