                     									

                                       

Phone: 0091 – 9731612980

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:avinashvandhanapu@in.ibm.com" 
avinashvandhanapu@in.ibm.com 

	         HYPERLINK "mailto:avinashvandhanapu@gmail.com" 
avinashvandhanapu@gmail.com 

Professional Summary 	 

   Over 5.5+ years of experience in IT industry.

   Leading SWAT program for MIS and BVOIP services, representing IBM to
interact with client            

      (AT&T) to propose solutions and providing tactical solutions in
solving business issues 

Expertise in Java/J2EE, DOJO, Spring MVC

Comfortable with UNIX and LINUX environments.

Worked on Web servers like Tomcat 7.0 and Web Sphere 8.5.

Quick adaptability to new technologies, highly flexible and adaptable
performer.

Good communication skills, problem solving and analytical skills.

Technology Exposure

JAVA Technologies   	 : 	Java/J2EE, JavaScript, JSP, Servlets, JDBC,
Java Beans

Frameworks 		 : 	Spring MVC, DOJO

Markup Languages 	 :	HTML, XML

Databases		 : 	Oracle, Sybase

Application Servers 	 : 	Apache Tomcat 7.0, Websphere 8.5

Operating Systems	 :	Windows 95/98/2000/XP, UNIX, LINUX

Development Tools 	 : 	Eclipse, RAD, NetBeans & RSA

Configuration Tools 	 : 	SCME, Web SCME integrated to Eclipse & RAD

Others			 : 	JUnit, Business Intelligence Reporting Tool, PMD & SONAR

Certifications:

Oracle Certified Programmer, Java SE 6.

Microsoft Certified IT Professional.

Appreciations:

Received “The Best of IBM” award for leading SWAT program

Got appreciation mails from client for the support provided and
nominated for BRAVO award.

Professional Experience 

Working as a Software Developer for IBM India Pvt. Ltd. From May 2011
till date

   Worked for VMC Game Labs , Hyderabad from June 2010 to February 2011.


   Worked for Pranava EE Technologies, Hyderabad from June 2009 to May
2010.

Assignment 1:

Title			: 	JAM – CEEOT (Construction & Engineering Equipment Ordering
Tool)

Client			: 	AT&T

Duration		: 	From OCT 2012 till date

Team size		: 	20

Technologies		: 	Java/J2EE, DOJO, Spring MVC. 

Platform		: 	UNIX 

Database		: 	Oracle

Description:	AT&T Inc. is the largest communications holding company in
the United States and worldwide, by revenue. Operating globally under
the AT&T brand, AT&T is recognized as the leading worldwide provider of
IP-based communications services to businesses and the leading U.S.
provider of wireless, high speed Internet access, local and long
distance voice, and directory publishing and advertising services.

      

  CEEOT is a web application that enables and support AT&T Ordering
Platforms. AT&T supporting staffs use CEEOT to place orders for the
equipment in bulk for internal usage. CEEOT is a scratch development
project, which is rewritten from Oracle forms to Java Web Application.

Responsibilities:

Actively participated in Business Requirements , System Requirements,
High Level Design, Application    

	Interface Design discussions

Worked with Subject Matter Experts & Clients to understand the
requirements.

Working as developer for the 2 modules (Location & Help) , built the
prototype for screens using 

      iRise and developed the GUI using DOJO ,server side implementation
using Spring MVC 

Responsible for application Deployment in WAS

Used the PERL  scripts for build, installation of  the application in
WAS which reduced manual effort in 

      deployment.

Generated Reports for all the screens in CEEOT WEB using BIRT. Migrated
the methods from old fashion 

      of using Oracle forms for report generation to BIRT Reports using
Java Beans.

Involved in peer to peer reviews for code, Unit Testing and Integration
Testing 

Implemented agile methodologies for on-time delivery of the product 

Involved in bug fixing for IT ,ST, UAT environments

Module Description :

 

Location :  AT&T users search for availability of their services in the
specified location. This module covers the whole geographical
description of the locations or Sites provided in the search criteria
and allows users to select the correct location. 

Help : Main functionality of this module is to provide instructions for
users how to use CEEOT WEB application. Resources & FAQ differentiate
the Topics , Methods & Procedures, Job Aids for the users with Admin and
Vendor read and write roles.

Assignment 2:

Title			:   	USRP - Universal Service Request Platform

   Client		: 	AT&T

Duration		:  	From May 2011 to September 2012

Team size		:  	80

Technologies	:  	Java/J2EE, Shell scripting,

Platform		:   	UNIX Solaris8

Database		:  	Sybase

Description:	 Universal Service Request Platform is a client-server
application that enables and support AT&T Ordering and Provisioning
Platforms. AT&T supporting staffs use USRP to place
New/Change/Disconnect orders, modify/SUPP existing orders, and retrieve
order status information for Frame Relay, ATM, IP, PL and IPL Services.
Two kinds of orders, which originate from the customers, are regular and
Correction orders. The ultimate aim of USRP is to ensure that any order
for the given service has all the relevant data set and it can be sent
to the provisioning systems.

Responsibilities:

Working as a program lead for SWAT team formed by AT&T for MIS ,BVOIP
service for analyzing current requirements, proposing new solutions in
reducing turnaround time for issues and tactically improve

application performance for real time users

Responsible for maintenance/enhancements in over 6 modules within USRP

Worked with System Engineers and Clients to understand the requirements,
to provide the

	development solutions

Actively participated in High Level Design , Application Interface
Design discussions

Developed enhancements of GUI  for 2 Modules (IP – Internet Protocol ,
PL – Private Line) using 

      Swings and Applets. 

Worked as a developer for the interfacing modules INSTAR, ASOC, DSM.
Used CORBA transactions   

      and enhanced IDLs to interact with other interfacing systems.

Involved in peer to peer reviews for code, UT and IT 

On-time delivery of design, UT and IT deliverables and execution of the
same

Involved in bug fixing for ST, UAT and Production environments

Direct interaction with the clients for the clarification of new
requirements, queries and

      to resolve production issues.

	Past Experience:

		VMC GAME LABS 

			Worked for VMC Game Labs through Arctern Consulting Pvt Ltd. ,
Hyderabad from June 2010 to February 2011.

		VMC provides extensive expertise in video game testing and hardware
testing. As the world’s leading partner for games quality assurance
and support, VMC ensures quality throughout the lifecycle of client
titles. VMC is driven to bring clients the right combination of
experience, expertise and resources to take on the greatest challenges
that face with game testing. As real-world problem solvers and
solutions providers, VMC tailor support to ensure that client’s next
release is as good for business as it is for game play. Leading Video
game and entertainment companies rely on VMC for outsource testing
solutions and Project management needs.

Project 1: Crysis 3 (PlayStation 3 , XBOX 360)

	Crysis 3 is a multi-platform   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_game" \o "Video game"  video game 
developed by the   HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germany" \o
"Germany"  German  game developer   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crytek" \o "Crytek"  Crytek  and is
published by   HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_Arts"
\o "Electronic Arts"  Electronic Arts  (EA Sports) for   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows" \o "Microsoft Windows" 
Microsoft Windows ,   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PlayStation_3" \o "PlayStation 3" 
PlayStation 3 , and   HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xbox_360"
\o "Xbox 360"  Xbox 360 .

Project 2: Bullet Storm (PlayStation 3 , XBOX 360)

	Bulletstorm is a   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-person_shooter" \o "First-person
shooter"  first-person shooter    HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_game" \o "Video game"  video game 
made by   HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poland" \o "Poland" 
Polish  developer   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/People_Can_Fly" \o "People Can Fly" 
People Can Fly  and the   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_of_America" \o "United
States of America"  American  company   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epic_Games" \o "Epic Games"  Epic Games , 
HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulletstorm" \l
"cite_note-epicgames.com-1"  [1]  and is published by   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_Arts" \o "Electronic Arts" 
Electronic Arts  for the   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PlayStation_3" \o "PlayStation 3" 
PlayStation 3 ,   HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xbox_360" \o
"Xbox 360"  Xbox 360  and   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows" \o "Microsoft Windows" 
Microsoft Windows .

Project 3: NFL Traning Camp (Nintendo Wii)

EA SPORTS Active NFL Training Camp includes over 70 drills and
challenges designed to improve strength, power and conditioning, as well
as reaction skills, agility and first step quickness, which are key
areas NFL players focus on.

Project 4: NFS Most Wanted (PC)

		Need for Speed (NFS) is a series of   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racing_video_game" \o "Racing video game" 
racing    HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_game" \o "Video
game"  video games  published by   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_Arts" \o "Electronic Arts" 
Electronic Arts  (EA) and   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_game_developer" \o "Video game
developer"  developed  by   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EA_Black_Box" \o "EA Black Box"  EA Black
Box  and   HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criterion_Games" \o
"Criterion Games"  Criterion Games .

Responsibilities:

Responsible for writing the test scripts and executing them on test
consoles.

Tested games on PS3 , XBOX 360 and PC

Verify Games outcome and data are correctly shown when games are played.


Verify Game functionality such as Game Progress, game outcomes, handling
of incomplete and re-  

      started games, multi player games.

Check if game win determination aligns with game rules. Procedures will
be reviewed by System management, player account management, tournaments
and promotions.

Require to verify all equipment and network implementation. Secure and
reliable operation like time synchronization, OS reliability and
security.

Was POC (Point of Contact) for Playstation 3 Testing console while
testing Crysis3 and BulletStorm.

Worked on web testing for NFL training camp. 

Performed Adhoc ,Compliance , Compatibility, Functionality , Beta , Soak
and Regression testing for all  

      the projects.

	

PRANAVA EE TECHNOLOGIES

Worked for Pranava EE Technologies, Hyderabad from June 2009 to May 2010
as a GUI developer for web applications.

Pranava is a progressive organization providing business value products
and services in information technology cutting across disparate
technical and functional domains. It has clients across the globe. It
has many development projects and it also provides all levels of
services from simple staffing to a complete professional Services
(Outsource, Web Based) Solution.

Project 1:  HAS (Hospital Automated Software)

    This is a comprehensive solution for Hospital Management providing
seamless integration of operations across Hospitals, which can be scaled
as per the growth of the hospital with in the same location or at
different locations.

Project 2 : EIAS (Educational Institution Automated Software)

   This State of the art school management system empowered with
automation and collaborative tools targeted to improve the quality of
education by actively involving teacher, parent and student. 

Responsibilities:

Gained knowledge in SDLC , Waterfall and Agile Methods 

Developed the screens for all the projects using JSPs.

Integrated the code between Client and Server as a part of Integration
Team.

Coordinated with internal and client testing team to track bugs and
resolved issues 

	Education:

	Bachelor of Technology from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University. 

