From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â   Â  -Â  2yearsÂ Â &
current
prjctÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -
 2 year & current
prjctÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -  knows
BasicÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 
2.5years

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
aware,not workedÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Apache Tomcat 6 / 7

 Ok to start up

Code: 60% , 40% analysis

Dayanand Tiwari

E-Mail: dayanand.tiwari28@gmail.com

Contact No.: 91-8121243013

Seeking challenging assignments in Software Development with an
organisation of high repute.

Career Snapshot

Qualified B.E. (Computer Science) from Rajeev Gandhi Technological
University, Bhopal in 2011 over 2 years and 5 months of experience in
Software Development and Project Execution.

Knowledge in end-to-end development of software products from
requirement analysis to system study, designing, coding testing,
debugging and implementing; carried out developer testing and
maintenance.

Handling various technical aspect like software designing coding of
modules, monitoring critical paths & developer testing.

Verifying change request and defects, documenting, tracking and
communication test plans, test results and unresolved problems.

Acquired comprehensive experience of Software Development in Java
Technology.

Sound skills in developing clear, elegant, highly functional code;
created attractive, functional user interface and provided advanced
technology solutions that boost productivity.     

Ensured the delivery of projects within the time & cost parameters.

Ability to multi-task, work under tight deadlines with minimal
supervision.

Areas of Expertise

Technical

Programming Languages		:	Core Java, J2EE.

Operating Systems		: 	Windows.

App/Web Servers                           :	       Apache Tomcat.

J2EE Technologies                          :		JDBC, Servlets, JSP, Web
Services.

Frameworks                                     :		Struts, Hibernate,
spring.

Software (IDE) / Tools		  :	Eclipse, Sts.

Work Experience

Currently working as Associate Software Developer in CGI, Hyderabad from
June 2012 to till now.

Academia

B.E. (Computer Science) from Radharaman Engineering College, Bhopal in
2011, secured 70.50 as aggregate.

       Projects 	

		    	 					                            	

CGI Information System and Management Consultants Pvt Ltd, HYDERABD.

Project Name		: IOM (Integrated Order Management) as Software Developer

Environment:	 Java, JSP, Hibernate, Spring (IOC and MVC), My Eclipse.

Database:	MySql Oracle and DB2.

Web Server:	Tomcat7 and Websphere.

Project Description: Project Description

As a software developer, we have developed a Bell Canada based order
management tool in which we used to provide the services as per the type
of order placed by the customer. This application tool helps to provide
various kind of services to the customer as Axis order request, IP order
request and Path order request kind of services are being managed.

Software Modules

Registration Module: To facilitate online registration and complement
the change user profile.

Catalog Module: Display and maintain various products listed on the
site.

Purchase Order Module: Used to generate online purchase orders.

Site Administration Module:  An interface exclusively for the site
administrator to administer and monitor site performance and activities.
The latter includes Client Transactions, Payments, Accounts, Inventory,
Registrations, and Newsletter.

Reporting Module: A module used to generate various reports on User
Activity.

Project Role  

Designing  JSPâ€™s as per Requirement.

Responsible for writing the Controller Classes

Responsible for writing  Validator Classes.

Responsible for writing the Hibernate Mapping Documents and Persistence
Classes.

Responsible for writting DAOâ€™s and their Implementations with
Hibernate.

Responsible for Developing Spring Documents.

		    	 	                                                               
                   	

Project Name		: POLARIS (Agency Portal) as Software Developer

Environment:   Java, JSP, Struts, Spring, Hibernate, Eclipse/Sts.

Database:          DB2.

Web Server:      Tomcat6 and Tomcat7.

Project Description: As Software developer on the POLARIS project which
is associated with the MAPFRE USA.MAPFRE USA Group of Companies actively
writes Property and Casualty insurance in 16 states across the country.
It operates in a number of insurance classes such as: Motor, Home,
Health, Life, Retirement, Accidents Death, Assistance and Agriculture
and livestock activities.

Project Role

Designing JSPâ€™s as per the Requirement.

Responsible for writing Action Classes.

Responsible for writing Form Beans and their Validations.

Responsible for writing Custom Validations as per the Requirement.

Responsible for writing Page layouts using Tiles Framework.

Writing Spring Service Interfaces and their implementations.

Injecting Spring Services into Struts Action classes.

Writing DAOâ€™s and their implementations With Hibernate.

Injecting Spring DAOâ€™s into Spring Document.

Self-Assessment

I set high standards for myself and have my own dreams and ambitions. I
have a flair for learning new things and persistence in problem solving.
I strongly believe that with my skills, analytical and logical ability,
determination, dedication, commitment and diligent efforts, I can prove
to be an asset to any organization.

Place: -										Signature:-

Hyderabad									Dayanand Tiwari

