K Srinivasa Rao	

(:+91 8185943218 / 7386663869 (or) +91 9985630190

(:ksrinu8090@gmail.com

Experience Summary 

3.9 years of programming experience in Application Software development
using Core Java, Servlets, JSPs, Oracle (SQL, PLSQL) ,DB2 (SQL, PLSQL),
Shell Scripting and VB06.

Extensive experience in developing Stored Procedures, Functions,
Triggers, Views, Cursors, Packages, Exceptions, Joins and Sub Queries.

Experience in Xquery language which is used to manipulate with XML
documents.

Good expertise in UNIX Shell programming.

Hands on experience on Spring and Hibernate.

Hands on experience on Mongo DB (NoSQL).

Team player with good communication, Interpersonal and Customer service
skills.

Ability to absorb any new technical knowledge quickly.

Extensive understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Highly experienced in all aspects of SDLC - requirement analysis,
design, development, testing, implementation & maintenance of Projects.

Involved in projects of Banking and Financial services Domain.

Career Path

Working as Associate-Projects in Cognizant Technology Solutions,
Hyderabad since december 2010.

Skill Set

Database Languages: SQL, PL/SQL and Xquery.

RDBMS   : Oracle 11g/10g/9i, DB2 v9.7 and MS Access 2007.

NoSQL: MongoDB.

Programming Languages: Core Java, Servlets, JSPs, Spring and Hibernate.

Scripting: UNIX Shell scripting and VB06. 

Tools: SQL developer, Eclipse, Putty, Aqua Data Studio, IBM Data Studio,
OracleRTD, 

Operating System: Windows family, UNIX/Linux.

Achievements

Received Hall of Eminence award in Cognizant academy training.

Received BFS Star Award from Cognizant Technology Solutions.

Received Kudos Award from Cognizant Technology Solutions.

Academic Qualification	

Master of Computer Applications (M.C.A) from JNTU University (2007-2010)
with 78% marks.

Bachelor of Science (B.Sc) from Nagarjuna University (2004-2007) with
80% marks.

Inter mediate from S.K.K.S.C.V.S Junior college (2002-2004) with 81%
marks.

X standard from Sri Sai public school (2001-2002) with 80% marks.

Project Details:

PERSONALIZATION

Description	Application provides personalized service to customers and
prospects to provide offers, services and products that are of interest,
and are more likely to be opted by them. Increases the Customer
Loyalty/Customer retention and revenue by Cross-selling of
products/offers.

Duration	April -2011 to present

Team size	60

Contribution	NGD

As a part of this project, new taxonomy structure has been introduced
into RTD by adding pages and placements. This provided the new way of
showing best offers to customer through new arbitration methods
implemented.

Roles & responsibilities :

Involved in analysis and estimation for several requirement.

Involved in Design.

Involved in Development.

Involved in Integration Testing in QA, UAT, PROD environment.

Dynamic Profile :

Previously in Personalization, customers used to get offers based on
their profiles after a period of one month from their date of
registration into MYCA.This project deals with providing personalized
experience to customers based on enrollment attributes (e.g.: (Benefit
Connect, AM, EAC, Alerts, GNA), SPEND details in different billed cycles
(i.e. Last 180 days, last 90 days, 60 days, previous billed cycle,
current billed cycle and unbilled cycle) and using real-time loyalty
information of Customer's MR Cobrand and Cash rebate cards. For US and
INTL markets.

Roles & responsibilities :

Involved in analysis and estimation for several requirement.

Involved in Design.

Involved in Development.

Involved in Integration Testing in QA, UAT,PROD environment.

Vente Privee:

  Vente Privee is a joint member with American Express for which offers
will be provided only when VP user is mapped with American express
profile.

Roles & responsibilities :

Involved in analysis and estimation for several requirement.

Involved in Design.

Involved in Development.

Involved in Integration Testing in QA, UAT,PROD environment

DEL Capabilities: 

 User Interface is created using VB06 in MS access 2007 which will be
used to create offers for markets.

Roles & responsibilities :

Involved in analysis and estimation for several requirement.

Involved in Design.

Involved in Development.

Involved in Integration Testing in QA, UAT,PROD environment

Epiphany to DEL migration:

Markets under epiphany are migrated to decision engine lite(DEL) .

Roles & responsibilities :

Involved in analysis and estimation for several requirement.

Involved in Design.

Involved in Development.

Involved in Integration Testing in QA, UAT,PROD environment

Card Center Redesign:

Card center page on website is modified and rendering new offers with
new profile basis.

Involved in analysis and estimation for several requirement.

Involved in Design.

Involved in Development.

Involved in Integration Testing in QA, UAT,PROD environment

POC on Hadoop:

Customer profile and Offers data can efficiently be fetched from
databases using hadoop map reduce distributed computing power.

Involved in analysis and estimation for several requirement.

Involved in Design.

Involved in Development.

POC on MongoDB:

Customer profile and Offers data can efficiently be fetched from NoSQL
DB.

Involved in analysis and estimation for several requirement.

Involved in Design.

Involved in Development.





	Language/frame works/OS/Tools used
Java,Struts,Springs,WebSerices,JUnit,OracleRTD,Oracle and DB2 Sql,Stored
Procedures,Shell Script,VB06,UNIX(AIX) and WINDOWS-7.



Personal Details

Name	Srinivasa Rao

Fatherâ€™s Name	Nageswararao

Date of Birth	13th May 1987

Gender	Male

Marital Status	Married

Languages Known	English, Hindi, Telugu

Address	Dno:LIG 28/5,KPHB, Hyderabad,AP.

Current Location	Hyderabad

Nationality	Indian

Passport	Valid



Page   PAGE  4  of   NUMPAGES  4 

