From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3+ year &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â -  2
year&current

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  - 
awareÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  4.5year

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â  worked

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   worked

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Eclipse/datastudio/tomcat/websphere

DB- oracle

Ajay Kumar	                                              	Mobile:
+91-9573044054

							Email ID:   HYPERLINK "mailto:slmailraj2@gmail.com" 
slmailraj2@gmail.com 

Profile Overview

A dynamic professional with around  years of rich experience in Project
Operations, Process Design / Implementation and Operations.

Managing providing Support to Prepaid Billing Platform of Alcatel,
Telecordia and Altamira (Ericsson) Intelligent Network, including System
Provisioning, customization, deployment, technical support, service
support, trouble shooting and error resolution.

Participated in the migration activities from Alcatel to Altamira IN at
Dublin Ireland in Nov-Dec 2012.

Good Concepts in GSM ( IN ) Call Flows.

Making acceptance test of newly installed equipments by following
different criteria.

Good exposure on Number Management System (NMS) application and Computer
Interface to Message Distribution (CIMD2) Protocol.

Good Knowledge in Client Server Technology.

Providing support to the client ( level 2 Support ) on E// system

Working on the E// SDP and SG.

Worked on the small modules using java, j2ee and oracle to automate the
daily routine activities.

Good Exposure to Java, J2ee technologies (Hibernate , Springs )

Work Experience Summary

Designation	Organization	Duration

Sofware Development Engineer	Amazon India Development Center, Hyderabad
July 2013 to till date

Industry Consultant In Telecommunication	IBM India Private Limited,
Hyderabad	Aug 2010 to July 2013



Skill Set-Domain Knowledge

GSM Skills- Intelligent Network, CIMD2 (SMSC Protocol).

Strong Knowledge in Telecom Prepaid.

Management of CDR which are generated in the Database (DRS).

GSM Protocol- Good understanding of SS7 layer. 

Operating system- Windows, UNIX

Database- Oracle 

Programming Language â€“ Java, J2EE 

Web Technologies ( Jsp,Servlets)

Framework (Springs)

Current Job Profile

Software Developer Engineer at Amazon India Development Center,
Hyderabad

Client : MarksAndSpencer (  July 2013 to Feb 2014 ) 

Responsibilities:

Providing end to end support for worldâ€™s leading ecommerce portal

Making changes in the existing application 

As part of migration, extracting the data from the database and
providing the data to the end client at regular intervals of time so
that their business goes smooth.

Projects:

    1)	Holiday-Messaging-2013 

          The crux of this project to display Christmas Messages on the
Website, ISA tool and PCA tool. This enables the customers of M&S to
determine whether will be delivered before the holiday(25th Dec) or
after. 

           This required building of Pagelet, Layout , backend Java
Logic and co-ordination with three teams and M&S Product team.

Environment:

	Oracle, Red Hat Linux, Java, Springs, Hibernate

SMS-Capture

 

                       The projects aims to enable M&S to send missed
Promise and payment decline SMS to corresponding customers. 

            Created two pagelets that returns data in JSON format in
Santana platform. 

1) NotResolved OrderDetails:Call an API of CASE service to get the NoT
resolved orderIds. 

2) OrderDetails : Use the data received from the first pagelet to get
the order details of the customers. 

Prepared the order details in XML format and upload in MarksandSpencer
specified SFTP server 

Environment:

	Oracle, Red Hat Linux, Java, Servlets, Hibernate





Fincron Data Migration



                                     Fincron is a collection of perl and
sql scripts that extract, transform and load data from and to various
GFS data sources and systems. All data originates from source system
databases, such as COW, FCSW, Tax, Digital, GC and more. Data is
extracted from over 100 database tables. This data initially enters
Fincron domain by means of an ETL process owned by the Enterprise Data
Warehouse platform group. All data from source databases is extracted,
transformed and loaded to the GFS FSREV database.Fincron will be
considered deprecated once we are able to stop extracting and loading
data to the FSREV database without impacting end users who consume the
data downstream. This requires moving all remaining use cases to future
systems.



Environment:

	Oracle, Red Hat Linux, Java, Servlets, Hibernate, Springs

Payments System

                             Amazon Payments is a way for customers to
purchase goods and services from US based websites using the payment
methods in their Amazon.com accounts, such as their Visa or MasterCard.
(Currently Amazon.com and Amazon Payments will not accept payment
methods such as PayPal or Google Wallet.) At participating vendors,
which include Patagonia and Jockey, users can check out using their
Amazon account information without needing to re-enter credit card
numbers or shipping addresses. Users can also check out with Amazon's 1
Click.



Roles and Responsibilities:

Own the intake experience, iterate with clients on requirements for new
platform features, identify work packages, differentiate existing vs new
platform feature work in requests.

 provide input on design solution for new platform features and
self-service capabilities and call out external dependencies if any
(especially around Payments Operation, Payments Acceptance and FLASH).

Manage intake triage and update meetings i.e follow up with PMs on their
action items while requirements are getting flushed out for intake
requests.

  

Previous Job Profile

Worked as Industry Consultant in Telecommunication at IBM India Private
Limited

Client: Telefonica Ireland

Responsibilities:

First level support and developer to team for troubleshooting of faults
and critical alarms, SDP subscriber data point, SCP Service control
Point, Tariff Configuration and various VAS products on VOICS and and
DATA [GPRS] from the Vendor side

Configuring automated Oracle Procedures to support marketing promotions
on various activities like recharges, Calls and SMS on a real time basis

Verify heath Check and system statistics reports performed daily by team
member, handling escalated customer complaints, raising SR with Comverse
on malfunctions of IN System.

Working as a second level support from the client side and performing
the tuning of the applications, Deliveries and deployment of the patches
on demand.

Played a major role Migration of the IN system from the Alcatel IN to
Altamira IN

Coordinating with the internal development how to communicate and make
clarity what the parameters needs to be passed to IN ( SDP ) and what
are the possible failures from the application.

Responsible for Project planning for activities like Upgrades,
Expansion, Integration, Conversion. Establishing technical Method of
Procedures (MOP) through Release Description Documents (RDD), internal
reference Memos (IRM), TAC alerts and field change orders. Acquire
activity approvals.

Providing on-Call technical support to O2 Telefonica Ireland for all
kinds issues affecting call processing, revenue and Service.

Involved in Preventive maintenance, Upgrades and Deployment of new
releases/Patch fixing. Installation, Commissioning.

Coordinating between client and vendor, while escalating software bugs
or hardware issue, performing failure analysis and categorizing the
same.

Ability to perform under time constraint depending upon the business
requirements.

Assisting customer to run data patches across whole customer base.
Creating scripts to provide daily traffic reporting. Developing custom
scripts used in Migration activities 

Configuration for New Level Opening

Participated in the development of the modules using Java,Springs

Deployment and Commissioning of the services over IN

Executing projected related planning ( Any changes in the existing / new
services ) 

Routine maintenance and support over the IN products

Resolving the problems ( Tracks ) in the provided SLA and following the
service management process.

Environment:

	Oracle, Red Hat Linux, Java, Servlets, Hibernate, Jspâ€™s

Educational Qualifications

Master Of Computer Application from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological
University.

 Bachelor Of Computer Application from Kakatiya University.

