From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3month

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â - 2
YearsÂ &currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  1 yearsÂ Â &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  5 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Tomcat/weblogic/eclipse/sonar

DB:oracle

6.3/10/30days

M.PRAVEEN KUMAR		                  Email: praveen_miryala@yahoo.co.in

                                                        	               
  Contact no.: 9959976990.                                              


                                                                        


Work Experience:	

 Â  5+ Years of experience in IT Industry in Applications Development
and Customization.

 Good Experience in java,j2ee servlets, jspâ€™s, Struts, Ajax,PLSQL.

 Good Experience in Web Technologies â€“HTML, JavaScript, JQuery.



Employment History:		

Working as Software Engineer in Prokarma Softech India Pvt Ltd from
Decâ€™ 12 to till Date.

Worked as Software Engineer in Nucleus Software Exports Ltd from Sep
â€™10 to Decâ€™ 12.

Worked as Associative Programmer in Progen Business Sol. from oct '09 to
April â€˜10.

Worked as software Engineer in Darien Software Sol. from Janâ€™09 to oct
â€™09. 

Technical Skills:  

Operating System                        :    windows XP.

Programming Languages             :    Java, J2ee,Struts,Springs.

Scripting Languages                    :    Java Script, Query,Angular
Js.

Web Technologies                       :    HTML.

Database                                      :     Mysql, Oracle10g &
Oracle11g,PLSQL      (Functins,Procedures,Packages..etc.).

Programming tools                      :     Eclipse, Dream weaver, Net
Beans,Jdev.

Application Servers                     :     Oracle OC4J(10GR2,10GR3).

Professional Experience:

Project#1

Title		 : ITOS Intermodal Terminal Operating System.

Date		 : Febâ€™12 to till date.

Client		 : Union Pacific Rail Roads.

Role		 : Developer.	

Description:

For International facility employees and management who need efficient
work processes the Intermodal Terminal Opertating System(iTOS) is an
information system that will provide work order management,gating
operations,planning,forecasting, and yard inventory management of
containers and chassis. The system will replace the existing system
OASIS and integrate with handheld devices.

Role and Responsibilities:

Understanding the requirements and implementation.

Developing jaxb services to interact between multiple apps.

Involved in Production deployments.

Involved in tuning the SQL queire JVM Heap. 

Developing mobile applications using Angular .

Project#2s

Title		 : FinnOne Connect 2.0.

Date		 : Junâ€™12 to till date.

Client		 : BMI Bank(Bahrain).

Role		 : Developer.	

Description:

FinnOneTM Connect 2.0 interfaces with heterogeneous systems for
functional requirements. Interface is a bridge across two independent
and heterogeneous systems where they communicate with each other for
sharing and updating information. 

FinnOneTM Connect 2.0 is a middleware solution for sharing and updating
information between FinnOne Suite and an External System. The system is
capable of publishing generic services for easy and ready third party
interfacing. FinnOneTM Connect 2.0 provides the user the flexibility to
create a new service as per the requirement. The service can be used as
and when required.

Role and Responsibilities:

PLSQL programming to execute the string into appropriate tables.

Developed interfacing between Siebel and FinnOne.

Involved in Production Support based on the priority of the ticket.

Involved in tuning the Oracle Application Server parameters, JVM Heap. 

Involved in Preparation of UD,BRD based on the customer requirements.

Project#3

Title		 : FINNONE CAS (Customer Acquisition System).

Date		 : Sep10 to till date.

Client		 : National Bank of Uma Ual Quain(Dubai), BMI Bank(Bahrain).

Role		 : Developer

Description	 : 

FinnOne CAS enables the banks to design new products and offerings,
improve workflows to make the needs of speed and control integrate
functions of various business partners in the loan origination process
such as field investigator, collateral appraisal agencies, credit
burrosâ€™ ,document verifiers and dealers and among others. FinnOne CAS
is impeccably integrated with FinnOne Loan Management System, and can
integrated with other Loan Servicing systems also allowing the
origination to service applications faster and with minimum rework to
ensure intelligent risk and management without any scope of any human
error.

 Salient Features:

Comprehensive HTML reports and PDF, XLS reports.

IT team connects to the system through admin login they can create users
and provide roles for those users.

Users are the one who faces the customers and gathers their data.

User inputs the data provided by customer into our CAS System according
to the workflow.

Systems stops the user from moving one stage to another stage to process
a loan while doing the change stages of the stage.

After completing the entire stages user will move the application to
Underwriter stage which makes approval of a loan. Then underwriter will
disburse the loan to customer.

Data sources supported by CAS are Oracle.

Role and Responsibilities:

Involved in Production Support based on the priority of the ticket.

Involved in performing RCA for the core system bugs.

Involved in developing Jsp, Servlets,Action Classes, DAO based on the
Enhancement/CR.

Involved in performance tuning of the application.

Involved in tuning the Oracle Application Server parameters, JVM Heap.
Involved in Preparation of UD,BRD based on the customer requirements.

Environment	 : Java, jsp, struts 1.3, AJAX and oracle 10g as the
database.

Achievements:

Achieved Best employee of the month for April 2011.

Onsite to Bahrain for implementing Enhancements and moved to production
without any iterations.   

Project#4

Title		 : pi 1.0(Web based BI Platform Tool).

Client		 : Nero lac Paints, Indicus Analytics

Team size	 : 7

Role		 : Developer

Description	 : 

pi 1.0 is a complete web based Business Intelligence & Analytics Suite
that takes care of all data integration & analytical reporting
requirements. It is based on Open Industry Standard technologies and
leverages on the J2EE architecture. End-to-End features, Ease of use &
Quick deployment capabilities.

Salient Features:

Comprehensive Graphical and Analytical reports.

IT team connects to Data sources & Creates Business Groups and Business
Roles and can assign Groups, Roles to users.

Users can create Dashboards & Reports with pi Intuitive interface i.e.,
Report Designer based on the Business Roles assigned to them.

Users can share Reports and Dashboards & schedule Emails in PDF and can
have snapshots of Reports.

Data sources supported by pi are Oracle, My SQL , Postgre SQL and Excel.

Environment	 : Java, jsp, struts 1.3, AJAX, j Query for the Application
layer    and oracle 10g as the database.

Project#5

Title:-Restaurant Data Analysis.

Date:- Oct09 to Nov09

Role: - Software Developer.

Description:

This project is based on Restaurant Origin those who maintain
restaurant. It basically collects the data of restaurant visitors those
who came but left restaurant due to unavailability of tables. So if a
restaurant is full he can check the availability and waiting time for
the required tables by submitting mandatory fields .After submitting the
on line form, visitor will be able to know the status of his requirement
and we utilize the data by storing it in database. Using this database
we can use BI tools.

Responsibilities:

This project was completed by me within an estimate of time starting
with  review research problem, functional specification, coding and
module testing with documentation.

Environment	 : Java, jsp, struts 1.3, AJAX, j Query for the Application
layer and oracle 10g as the database.

Project#6

Title:-Created a web site   HYPERLINK "http://www.schoolstones.com/"
www.schoolstones.com   

Dates :-  Jul 09 to Sep 09.

Role:-  Software Developer.

Description:

In this site we have the rankings of every international school and
their students who scored well and those who are not registered they can
register in this site and only for CBSE international schools.

Responsibilities:

In this project I created the main page using jsp and a registration
form to register by user and I done validations using struts form bean
validations which are server side validations. 

If they forget their password so they can get the user name and password
by sending the mail id which they used to register with us. 

Project#7

Project:- Alumni.

Date: - Jan 09 to Jul 09.

Role:- Software Developer.

Description:

This is the one where the old studentâ€™s data will be collected and
stored for the institution and who are passed outs of the institution.

Responsibilities:

In this prodject I created a page where they can send their details and
register with the institution alumni and if they were give any wrong
information while registering so they can login in login page and they
can edit their details or update their details if any changes are there.


     

Place: HYD		                                                        
(M.PRAVEEN KUMAR)

