 Rajarshi Roy			    

 Flat 101, Atharva Apartments, Baner Road, Baner, Pune-411045

Phone : 8087153183

E-mail:dexter.roy@gmail.com

PERSONAL DETAILS	Fatherâ€™s Name:  Subodh Kumar Roy			

Date of Birth: 24th October 1987

Languages Known: Hindi, English, Bengali

EDUCATION 

B.Tech (BIOTECHNOLOGY)	2009	National Institute Of Technology, Durgapur
7.19/10

Class XII (WBCHSE)	2005	Vivekananda Siksha Niketan High
School(Bankura,W.B)	76.9%

Class X    (WBBSE)	2004	Vivekananda Siksha Niketan High
School(Bankura,W.B)	88.25%





	Certification: Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 6 Programmer
(March 2013)-93%

WORK EXPERIENCE

18-Jan-2010 to 18-Jan-2014 in Tata Consultancy Services Ltd.

27-Jan-2014 to present in Talentica Softwares Pvt. Ltd.

SUMMARY

Over 5.5 years of experience in analysis, design, architect,
development, testing and deployment of software applications. 

Extensive experience in architecture, design and building complex
business components, developing  multi-tier Web Applications, for
Desktop as well as Mobile devices and server side business logic using
J2EE, XML, weblogic, apache tomcat, enterprise java beans, Servlets,
Jsp, Jdbc, RDBMS as well as NoSQL database solutions, Apache Lucene,
Solr.

Experienced with build and dependency management tools like Maven,
Gradle; continuous integration tools like Jenkins; version control
systems like CVS, Git, Microsoft VSS.

Experience in developing secure web applications using Spring Boot and
Hibernate framework.

Mentored the team member where appropriate providing guidance and
knowledge transfer.	

Managed and coordinated periodic releases through to UAT and production
environments.

Followed agile development methodology (scrum) which includes
incremental development with two week of iteration.

Have regularly worked on evaluating and doing POC of different Software
solutions.

Projects:

1. Jan-2015 to present - In Talentica Softwares Pvt. Ltd.

The current project is aimed at building a QnA /Search solution for
Legal Sector, built following the concepts of Semantic Web technologies,
graph databases and assisted learning. 

Technologies/Software solutions used : Spring
Framework(Core/Boot/Spring-Data-JPA/Spring-Data Neo4J), Semantic
Web/Ontology(used RDF/Apache Jena), Information Retrieval(used Apache
Lucene/Solr),NoSQL-Graph Databases(used Neo4J/Cypher), MYSQL,
Linux(Ubuntu 14.04)

Responsibilities: 

Responsible for end-to-end product development and delivery.

Mentored the team members where appropriate providing guidance and
knowledge transfer.

Involved in architecture and design reviews. 

Involved in requirements gathering with business analyst.

Responsible for deliverables, product quality and codebase maintenance.

2. Jan-2014 to Jan-2015 - Vuclip in Talentica Softwares Pvt. Ltd.

Vuclip is mobile Video-on-demand provider having market penetration in
South-East Asia, India, Middle-East and Africa. I worked in this project
as a product developer working on building a generic platform for Vuclip
which can be integrated with different mobile carriers to provide
services. This generic platform is a CMS which is used to provide
carrier-specific video-content to its users.

Technologies/Software solutions used : Spring, Hibernate, EHCache,
JS/jQuery, Web services, MYSQL DB.

Other tools :  Jenkins for continuous integration.

Responsibilities: 

Responsible for periodic development, integration and deployment as and
when a new mobile carrier was signed up, in South-East Asia module.

Taking ownership of the instance, being responsible for product
development, server maintenance and support.

Involved in systematic enhancements of the base product.

Coordination with testing team as well as client.

3. Apr-2013 to Jan-2014 - Bespoke HRMS in Tata Consultancy Services Ltd.

The goal of the project was to remove Oracle e-Business Suite used in
ERP HR project of Tata Consultancy Services and replace it with a custom
solution. I worked as a Module Leader in the project with responsibility
of Database Migration from Oracle Apps HRMS to Bespoke Application. My
other responsibility in the project was to co-ordinate with all

the teams involved to maintain synchronization.

Technologies/Software solutions used : Spring Framework(Core/MVC/JDBC),
Hibernate, PostgreSQL DB.

Other tools :  Apache Maven, Microsoft VSS

Responsibilities:

Involved in the core team of the pilot project, for requirement analysis
and gathering. Bespoke HRMS was a major change as a part of internal
restructuring of TCS and in the process, I had the opportunity to work
alongside some of the most senior, experienced and accomplished people
in the industry.

Involved in architecture and database design of the product.

Involved in designing and implementing a strategy for migration of data
from existing Oracle database to postgresql database. Worked as a Module
Leader for the same.

Worked as the SPOC(Single person of contact) for the HRMS module, in
order to coordinate with other teams working on other module, so that
job execution can be done in synchronized manner.

4. Jun-2010 to Apr-2013 - ERP HR Project in Tata Consultancy Services
Ltd.

The project dealt with development of Core HR functionalities for the
organization covering modules like Recruitment, Employee Benefits,
Separation, Payroll etc. I worked as a Developer in the project.

Technologies/Software solutions used : Oracle Database 10G, Oracle
e-Business Suite 11i, Oracle Weblogic Server, Java 1.5, JSP, JS/jQuery .

Other tools : Fortify, HP WebInspect, SVN, Microsoft VSS.

Responsibilities:

Started working as a developer for HRMS module of ERP HR team for TCS
Internal IT.

Moved to become the module lead for HRMS module.

Have worked on Oracle Apps, PL/SQL, as well as Core Java/JSP in the
team.

Mentored new team members.

CERTIFICATION

.

Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 6 Programmer (March 2013)-93%

SOFTWARE SKILL SET

Programming Languages: Core Java,JSP/Servlets, PL/SQL,Javascript

Databases :  RDBMS(Oracle/PostgreSQL/MYSQL), Graph Database(Neo4J)

Frameworks: Spring(Core, MVC, Security, Boot, Data etc.), Hibernate

I have worked on following technologies:

 Information Retrieval Solutions like Apache Lucene/Solr

 Semantic Web/Ontology and there by RDF/Apache Jena.

Graph based solutions/NoSQL database like Neo4J, Cypher language, Orient
DB

Good with Linux.

Key Strength

Software Engineer with 5+ years of experience in Analysis, Design,
Development and Maintenance of software application in the field of
Information Technology.

A young, exuberant, creative and vibrant professional with good
analytical ability.

I am a resourceful team player and can deliver results within required
time frame.

Producing innovative yet practical solutions to challenging problems.

Team player, quick learner, highly committed to responsibilities.

 

