From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 2
yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -  5
YearsÂ &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -  4 yearsÂ Â Â & current
JMSÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â  8.5
yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â not implemented,
usingÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  2 Years

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â -Maven/antÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Jboss/weblogic/tomcat/eclipse/sonar plugins

Handling team size of 5 

Worked on reflection,DB

PavanKumarGupta Pinnu 					    Ph: +91-9885756643

Associate Technical Lead     			    Mail:   HYPERLINK
"mailto:pavanpinnu@gmail.com" pavanpinnu@gmail.com 

Objective

Apply and enhance my technical skills and functional experience to
various project environments, enabling effective contribution and thus
establish myself as a Java professional.

Profile

Around 8.5 years of experience in developing Web Applications.

Expertise in web development using Struts 1.2, Struts 2, Wicket, Spring
MVC & JSF

Expertise in Spring 2 and Hibernate 3.

Expertise in XML technologies includes XStream, dom4j, Xpath, XSLT

Implemented the Web Services as a Producer (using Axis2 framework) and
Consumer parts.

Followed the TDD approach with JUnit implementation with MockitO.

Good experience in using build tools like Ant and Maven.

Have rich experience in SQL and PL/SQL using Oracle.

Responsible for code assigning and assisted the team. 

Involved in code review and optimization before every Production build.

Followed agile methodology and tracking the team memberâ€™s status in
daily scrum.

Skill set

Web Environment	: Java 1.6, Struts 1.2, Wicket, Spring MVC, JSF

Frameworks		: Spring, Hibernate

XML Technologies	: XStream, dom4j, XPATH

Web Clients		: HTML, Java Script, AJAX, JQuery

Servers			: Tomcat5.0, JBoss4.0, Weblogic 10.3

RDBMS			: Oracle (SQL & PL/SQL)

Tools			: Eclipse, Log4j, Ant, Maven, Sonar

Professional Experience

Working as a Associate Technical Lead in Prokarma Softech Pvt. Ltd,
Hyderabad since April 2011.

Worked as a Senior Software Engineer in Springboard Technologies Pvt.
Ltd, Hyderabad from July 2007 to Mar 2011.

Worked as a Software Engineer in Infinite Computer Solutions (as a
Consultant of Infinite worked at IBM, Hyderabad) from Mar 2007 to June
2007.

Worked as a Software Engineer in VSG Solutions Pvt. Ltd, Hyderabad from
Apr 2006 to June 2007.

Achievements

Got Spot award in Prokarma Softech Pvt. Ltd. for the work in generating
dependent drop downs in Excel file using Apache POI.

Awarded with â€˜Business Excellence Awardâ€™ at Springboard Technologies
Pvt. Ltd. for the extensive work in Boss Bingo game integration.

Educational Details

Pursued MCA from Anna University in year 2005 with distinction.

Pursued BCA from S.V University in year 2002.

Project Profile

#1 Unit Train Customer Interface				Jul 2012 to till-date

Unit Train Customer Interface (UTCI) allows the customers to track all
the Trains coming to or leaving from their location. It facilitates to
update the Placement time, Release time and all other operations.

It provides interface for all layers of Workflow for any charges on
Customers or any incentives for Customers.

It provides feature to forecast the required number of trains/cars to
transfer their products or to order raw materials on monthly or yearly
basis.

Environment: Java 1.6, Wicket, Spring IOC, Spring JDBC, Oracle, Apache
POI, Services over Tibco Messages, JaxB, SVN, Find Bugs, PMD, Maven,
Sonar, Quality Center & Weblogic 10.3

Responsibilities:

Involved in client meeting to understand the requirements.

Developed UI using Wicket framework.

Generated the client side service classes using Jibx and Maven.

Maintained Annotation based spring transactions.

Generated the Excel files using Apache POI for forecast module.

Tracking the bugs using Quality Center.

Designed class diagrams, sequence diagrams and high level technical
documents.

Estimation, design and development of various modules.

Tracking the work status on daily & weekly basis of team members.

Implemented the mock testing using MockitO framework.

Involved in code reviews and optimization

#2 UTCI â€“ Notifications						Oct 2013 â€“ till date

Customers of UTCI require getting notifications (eMail, SMS) for some
events. The settings can be saved as a â€˜Subscriptionâ€™ and can be
edited or deleted later.

This contains Contacts module and Subscription module.

Environment: Java 1.6, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring JDBC, Oracle, SVN,
Find Bugs, PMD, Maven, Sonar, Quality Center and Jboss4.

Responsibilities:

Involved in requirements gathering.

Coding and leading the team for UI development using Spring MVC.

Written client side script using Jquery, Ajax & Java Script.

Implemented Spring 3 with Annotations.

Involved in code review and optimization.

#3 Grain Car Allocation System					Apr 2011 to Jun 2012

GCAS is an auctioning web application for cars (Train Bogies). It
contains Admin and Customer modules. This is a technology migration
project from Servlets to Wicket.

Admin module is for creating a cars and auctions. It allows registering
the customers and contacts to the system.

Customer module allows viewing the list of auctions, to register &
participate for particular auction. Customer able to cross check their
bidding is higher or not as these are open auctions and allows to revise
their bidding.

Environment: 

Java 1.6, Wicket, Spring IOC & JDBC, Oracle, Ant, Weblogic10.3

Responsibilities:

Maintained the declarative (XML) spring transactions.

Implemented the Batch query concept to optimize the number of JDBC
calls.

Understood the existing JSP custom tags functionality.

Involved in analyzing the optimized logic for integrating the local
contacts database with Central contacts in the project related
structure.

#4 Boss Bingo Integration				        Nov 2009 to Mar 2011

Organization	: Springboard Technologies Pvt. Ltd.

Environment	: Java 1.5, JDBC, Web Services (Axis2), HTML, Java Script,
JQuery, JUnit   and Oracle.

Team Size	: 2

Summary

Business adopts the Bingo game from a new provider Bossmedia, which
formally adopted from Parlay. 

Communication between these entities is via SOAP calls. Our application
gets the Bingo game information from Boss Game server using SOAP client.


Our application provided the required Web Services using SOAP to serve
the Player information to Boss Game Server.

Responsibilities

Key role in development of Boss API Web-Application. Purpose is to serve
the Player information like player session and purse details.

Developed web services using Axis2

Written the DAOs and its test cases.

Tested the services using SOAP UI.

Written customized Exceptions with pre-defined error codes.

Generated the Client API for Boss Game server (WSDL) using eclipse
tools.

Supported the game integration in lobby.

Implemented JQuery & Free Marker to launch the game window.

Involved in Code reviewing and optimization.

#5 Lobby CMSlet					        Nov 2007 to Aug 2009

Organization	: Springboard Technologies Pvt. Ltd.

Environment	: Java 1.5, JDBC, Oracle, HTML, Java Script, Jquery, YUI,
JUnit.

Team Size	: 2

Summary

Lobby is a dashboard which displays all Games in different Tabs. Adding
or modifying the game label, short image, description and help link
involves the activities of Content management and requires some time.

The application provides the features to configure the number of tabs in
the lobby page and the order of them. It allows placing or reordering
the games and its content.

In existing system, adding or removing a Game, involves the Designer
work in HTML pages across all sites manually. Also it requires a release
process to update in Production, which results in Down-Time.

Lobby CMSlet is a back office tool and facilitate the process with
simple mouse clicks. 

Responsibilities

Analyzed the existing system and gathered the list of games (the list of
game for each Client (Website) and in which category).

Designed the Back-office screens and Coded for 

Adding/Editing/Deleting the Categories/Games

Mapping the games to different Categories

Auditing each change in Back-office and to Rollback the particular
Change.

Implemented Yahoo User Interface (YUI) for Back-office screens.

Implemented YUI, FreeMarker & JQuery to design the lobby in Websites.

Involved in designing the Database Tables and Views.

Coded POJOs to get the mappings from Database and cache them in the form
XMLs at Server end.

Involved in KT and supporting the several teams who use the Back-office.

#6 Games CMSlet						         Jul 2007 to June 2008

Organization	: Springboard Technologies Pvt. Ltd.

Environment	: Java, Servlets, JDBC, XML, HTML, Java Script, AJAX

Team Size	: 3

Summary

Games with identical behavior with different UI can share the same Game
Server (C++). Hence to reduce the down time of Game Server for new
identical games, need a System to create a new reference of the Original
Game and with different name for identifying.

This application provides back office screens to create a new game
instance and to configure the images and text for the new game.

Responsibilities

Implemented Class name feature in Application Server end.

Designed screens in Back-office.

Implemented the commons-file upload to upload the â€˜nâ€™ number of
images.

Implemented the SFTP tool to upload the files to located servers.

Coding of Servlets & POJOs to get the game translations.

The list of assets and translations will be sent in XML format, using
XStream.

Involved in designing Database Tables.

#7 BPU Genesis						      March2007 to June 2007

Organization	: Infics (IBM GBS)

Client		: BPU Bank, Italy

Environment	: Java 1.5, J2EE, Tomcat, Web Logic, Oracle9i and Adobe
Flex.

Project Size	: 25

Team Size	: 4

Summary

BPU Genesis is the Banking Teller application for Banche Popolari Unite
(BPU), Italy. This application is a Technology migration from Oracle
Forms to J2EE and Abode Flex. 

This is n-tier architecture. The User-Interface is built using Adobe
Flex technology for Rich user experience similar to Oracle Forms UI. The
mid tier is composed of Session faÃ§ade layer. Database access is done
with custom build framework, which is very flexible, maintainable and
developerâ€™s friendly.  At the Backend there is an Oracle9i Database. 

Responsibilities

Enhanced the DTO Generator, to generate all Global variables using
regular expressions and XSLT.

Involved in coding of Backend, which is conversion of PL/SQL code into
POJO methods.

Involved in development of User Interface with Adobe Flex.

Involved in testing with the sample Test case data.

Actively participated in providing Technical assistance within the
teams.

Tracking of Bugs raised in the custom frameworks with Mantis tool.

#8 Vision Connect					   		      April-06 to July-06

Organization	: Vision Systems Group Pvt. Ltd.

Client		: In-house

Environment	: Java, JDBC, Struts, Ant, JBoss, Java Mail, DOM4j, Open
Laszlo and

  Oracle 10g XE

Summary

VisionConnect is an Employee Management Software for IT consulting
organization. This is a Web Application with client-server technology. 

VisionConnect is modularized into Login, Admin, Sales, Vendor, Issues,
Recruit, Configuration, Report, Submissions and Guest House.

It facilitates to search how many candidates are on bench and how many
are in project and it various categories like skills wise, bench or not,
name wise, contact wise and in other categories.

Easy navigation to select a candidate, schedule him for interview to
clients.

Reports will be generated in charts format or in Microsoft Excel format.


 Responsibilities

Coding for modules 'Issues, Styles, and charts'.

Styles and Charts are developed using Open Laszlo

Implemented the Mail module.

Personal Details

Date of Birth		: 11-06-1981

Languages		: English, Telugu & Hindi

Nationality		: Indian

Marital Status		: Married

Passport		: Valid

  PAGE   \* MERGEFORMAT  1 

