From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â  6year&current 

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -  3 year & current(using one
module)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â -Â Â Â Â Â 8yearsÂ Â &current(SOAP/Rest)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â  10 year

Design PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â  -yesÂ Â Â  

UML designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â class diagram  

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â AntÂ Â Â Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Weblogic 10.1/12.0/tomcat/jboss

Professional Summary: 



9+ years of experience in JAVA/J2EE in Designing & Developing High
Performance & Quality Software in IT.

Expertise lies in the analysis, design, development and implementation
of applications using Java/J2EE.

Experience in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle and
working in Agile Methodology Projects.

Design and Develop Robust and High Performance applications in Object
Oriented Technology.

Lead Experience in high performance, real-time, large-scale, scaling
systems and handling the team efficiently by delivering the projects on
schedule.

Proficient in Developing Distributed Web applications involving Various
Technologies (J2EE-JSP/Servlets).

Hands on experience on various Frame Works like Hibernate, Spring,
Struts.

Hands on experience in client side validations using JavaScript.

Hands on experience in designing forms using HTML, CSS, JSP, JSTL.

Hands on experience in MySQL, Sybase, DB2 and Oracle databases.

Hands on experience in deploying projects in web servers and application
server. 

Delivered support with main emphasis on software quality with delightful
results from customer.

Self-motivated, quick learner with strong interpersonal and
communication skills.

Good Technical, Analytical and Problem Solving skills.

Expertise lies in Banking and Finance domain (Equities and Derivatives
Trading, Market Risk, Liquidity Risk, Algorithmic Trading, FIX
messaging, FX trading etc..).

Professional Experience: 



Working as a Tech Lead in Tech Mahindra, Hyderabad from March 2013 â€“
till Date.

Worked as a Analyst - I Apps Prog in Bank of America, Hyderabad from Dec
2009 â€“ March 2013.

Worked as a Sr. Software Developer in Portware International LLC,
Hyderabad from April 2008 â€“ Dec 2009

Sr. Software Developer from Jan 2009 to Dec 2009 

Software Developer from April 2008 to Dec 2008.

Worked as a Associate in GlobeOp Financial Services Pvt Ltd from June
2006 â€“ March 2008.

Worked as Jr. Software Programmer in CES (P) Ltd., from June 2005 â€“
June 2006.

Software Expertise: 



Programming languages	: 	Java, J2EE, SQL, PL/SQL

Technologies                     :	CoreJava, WebServices, Servlets3.0,
JSP, JMS, Pico Container

Frameworks                      : 	Hibernate 3.0, Spring API, Struts

Designing Technologies	: 	HTML, CSS 

Scripting Technologies	: 	JavaScript, AJAX, Shell Scripting             
     

Web Servers			: 	Tomcat, Web Logic 8.1, Web Sphere 6.1

Application Server		: 	JBoss

Database			: 	Oracle, DB2, Sybase, MySQL

IDE				: 	Eclipse, IntelliJ IDE, JCreator

Middle Ware			:	Open MQ, Active MQ

Reporting Tools		: 	Spot fire

Designing Tools		: 	Rational Rose

Repository			: 	SVN, CVS

Operating Systems		: 	Windows 2000/XP, UNIX

Onsite Experience: 



Holding Valid Business Visa - B1 (Valid 2020).

Been to USA during March 2010â€“ May 2010 on Project assignment from
Bank Of America.

Education: 



B.E (Hons) from BITS- Pliani, Rajasthan May 2005, CGPA: 7.0/10.

Intermediate, BIE, A.P, %: 94

SSC, A.P. %: 80%

Project Details: 



1)

Client		: Bank Of Nova Scotia (Scotia Bank)

Company	: Tech Mahindra.				  	March 2013 â€“ till Date 

Location       : Hyderabad	

Designation	: Tech Lead	

Project	: ETRM â€“ Energy Trading Risk Management

	

Technologies: Java/J2EE, JDK 1.5, Eclipse 3.5, Oracle Database, JMS,
Webservices(SOAP/Restful), XML RPC, Unix Shell Scripting, Bamboo, SVN

Environment: Windows & Linux

                         

Project Description:  The Global Energy Solutions group intends to build
a top tier platform to deliver energy risk-management solutions to
Scotia's client base. From the IT prospective, this initiative entails
implementation of a new trade capture and risk management application,
SCOTS. As part of the integration of SCOTS with the existing systems at
Scotia, there is a 

requirement from Energy Operations group to enhance the settlement
process. SCOTS is to initiate payments wiring requests to the Scotia
Payment System (BESS) and to be able to receive, reconcile and match
actual cash transactions with invoices and projected cash flows.
Processing needs to be performed in almost real-time.

Roles and Responsibilities

Coordinating with Onsite team in gathering requirements for allotted
JIRAâ€™s for the team and involved in different phases like designing,
developing and responsible for on time delivery.

Involved in the Design & Development of electronic submission of Trade
type DFA, CounterPart and Broker.

Involved in designing and development with regard to any enhancements to
the existing SCOTS system.

Involved in developing API(eConfirm) for subscribing/allowing the
submission of Trades  and retrieving transaction status from/to
Electronic Matching service offered by ICE.

Enhancemants to the current system to consume all the new fields for
DFA\EMIR\FATCA.

Devleoped a Report for daily monitoring process to ensure DFA trades
sent real time after execution within 4 hours.

Developed an API for sending all Swap data to the ICE Trade Vault Europe
for any trade, to meet the European Market and Infrastructure Regulation
(EMIR).

Participated in Translation of Epics in to user stories and estimation.

Involved in Design and development of User Stories using technologies
such as Java, SQL, Bug fixing, code reviews, testing and support.

Actively participating in all Sprint meetings such as Reviews, Daily
meeting etc., and Lead some of these meetings.

2)

Client		: Bank of America

Company	: Bank of America.			  	December 2009 â€“ March 07 2013 

Location       : Hyderabad	

Designation	: Analyst I Apps Prog	

Project	: Liquidity Risk Management

	

Technologies: Java/J2EE, JDK 1.5, Eclipse 3.5, Db2 & Oracle Database,
Servlets, JSP 

Hibernate 3.0, Struts, Spring API, JMS, Open MQ, XML RPC, Unix Shell
Scripting and Autosys

Environment: Windows & Linux

                         

Project Description:  

Bank Of America is the leading Provider of the financial Services in the
Industry. It is the second largest US Company in Terms of Market
capitalization. The application Deals with Preparing Basel-||, FSA
Reporting to UK Regularities.

Liquidity Risk Management -LRM is a Risk assessment application used by
the Business to 

evaluate the Liquidity Position of the Company. It gives a Strategic
solution to the current liquidity position of the company by calculating
the Cash Flows coming from different entities. It has the analytical
behavioral models that are applied on the Input Cash flows to evaluate
the output Cash flows. The financial Instruments data is collected from
various sources and data is filtered using ETL and the behavioral Models
are applied to assess the liquidity Position of the instrument. LRM is a
one stop shop for all liquidity related queries.

Provides a consolidated view of cash flows across all entities and
products.

Provides a tool to apply scenario based assumptions to the cash flow
data for calculating the effect on liquidity and determining the
contingency funding plan.

Provides a reporting engine that can provide a predetermined set of
reports and a user interface to allow users to drill down, graph and run
ad-hoc queries on baseline and modeled data

Roles and Responsibilities

Coordinating with Onsite team in gathering requirements for allotted
JIRAâ€™s for the team and involved in different phases like designing,
developing and responsible for on time delivery.

Involved in the Design, Development, unit testing and production support
of LRS 1.0 & 2.0.

Involved in the Design & Development of calculation of time buckets for
Forward MTMs in Core Java API, which is core of LRS Application.

Involved in implementing the contractual models (Pass Through,
Derivative and Vanilla Proxy) to generate the cash flows for input
positions. 

Implemented LRS Repackaging which manages building and deploying
individual modules as discrete, independent packages using Java, Ant and
SVN.

Developed LRS Build System a web application using Servlets, JSP, Struts
and AJAX which is one stop for all build and deployment process. It also
involves in compiling the SQL objects and adding it to DB.  

Involved in the Deployment of the Application & Production Support.

Involved End-End development of the Remote Feeds Module, Data Modeling,

Metadata Tables Design, Service Layer Design and Development & Testing
of the Module

Involved in designing the Behavioral models applied on the Cash flows.

Involved in gathering the Requirement from Business and Preparing the
Design documents. 

Performing an end-end testing by running the Batch Jobs and garnishing
the data right from Raw data to final output position.

Coordinating with Onsite team for development and Unit testing and also
involved in preparing the QA and UAT environment for regression testing.


Ensuring timely deliveries of work requests.

Responsible for the Development support during the Production Batch
window during offshore hours.

Received GOLD & SILVER Awards from the Line Of Business for the good
quality work.

Been to USA on B1 visa to capture the business Requirements of the LRS
application, during March 2010 to May 2010

3)

Client		: Morgan Stanley, Barclays, 

 	  Portware International LLC

Company	: Portware International LLC			April 2008 â€“ Dec 2009  

Location       : Hyderabad	

Designation	: Sr. Software Developer (Jan 2009 â€“ Dec 2009)

		   Software Developer (April 2008 â€“ Dec 2008)	

Project(s)     : Algorithmic Trading Compliant Systems, Bloomber API,

		   FIX messaging System, FX System.

	

Technologies: Java/J2EE, JDK 1.5, Eclipse 3.5, Oracle Database 

Environment: Windows & Linux

                         

Project Description:  

Portware LLC is the financial industry's leading developer of
broker-neutral, automated portfolio trading software for global
equities, futures, options and FX.Portware is a fully customizable,
FIX-compliant trade management and execution system for portfolio,
basket, single stock, automated and algorithmic trading. It is easy to
manage real-time market data and perform real-time charting, reporting
and transaction cost analysis through Portwareâ€™s user interface.

Roles and Responsibilities

Coordinating with Onsite team in gathering requirements for Bloomberg
Server API 3.0 specifications and successfully implemented and plugged
into Portware which streams Real time, historical and live data in Core
Java using Collections, multi threading and design patterns.

Involved in developing FX application system which involves in
automatically FX trading by place Buy or Sell orders using algorithmic
trading software.

Involved in different phases like designing, implementing of Reuters
Real time Feedâ€™s (RFA 6.0) API into Portware.

Developed FIX (Financial Information Exchange) compliant interface to
integrate proprietary Algorithmic Trading strategy providers with
Portware EMS (Execution Management System) for algorithmic compliant
executions.

Involved in the Design & Development of a user friendly platform to
trade Options Instrument including all the regions.

Developed an adapter develop an adapter using Server API in java with
the latest release of java ActivFeed API to integrate Options Record
Data, Time Series Data, News Stories data into the Portware applications
by using Asynchronous, Synchronous, Non-Blocking Synchronous interactive
requests. 

Developed a Complete and detailed global FIX communications required for
building an order management system (OMS) that links to Deutsche
Bankâ€™s autobahn Equity 

algorithmic trading system.

Coordinating with Onsite team for development and Unit testing and also
involved in preparing the QA and UAT environment for regression testing.


4)

Client		: GlobeOp Financial Services (P) Ltd.

Company	: GlobeOp Financial Services (P) Ltd.		June 2006 â€“ March 2008 


Location       : Mumbai	

Designation	: Associate	

Project(s)     : JRisk â€“ Market Risk

	

Technologies: Java/J2EE, Eclipse 3.5, Sybase, Oracle 

Environment: Windows & Linux

                         

Project Description:  

GlobeOp Risk:

GlobeOp Risk Services (GRS) provides a fully integrated solution
supporting all post-trade risk analysis needs for Hedge funds and Fund
of Funds. The services include position and exposure reporting using
advanced factor models; scenario analysis; stress testing; strategy
specific risk modeling; model based VaR computations.

GRS has a fully automated Risk engine called GoRisk, which captures
trade data from Kondor and GlobeOp specific TFF/GoML formats, static or
market data from Bloomberg, Reuters or Geneva. The system has
sophisticated and versatile architecture supporting financial
instruments ranging from simple equities to exotic positions, swaps,
swaptions etc. The system is fully developed in java.

Roles and Responsibilities

Coordinating with Onsite team in gathering requirements for JRISK
specifications and implementing the enhancements in Core Java using
Collections, multi threading and design patterns.

Involved in designing and development with regard to any enhancements to
the existing RISK system.

Involved in developing Real-time Price feed â€“ a subsequent project
from Reuters which gets real time prices for instruments like Equities,
FXSpot, BONDs etc.

Involved in developing an adapter for Grabbing Prices for CDS instrument
from Bloomberg through Request/Response Model.

Involved in writing the Interpret feeds for Equities, CDS and CDSIndex
which involves in integrating data from legacy systems into Jrisk by
extensively using XML technology to manipulate the data.

Developed an API to pull out the market data time series horizon for VAR
calculation.

Coordinating with Onsite team for development and Unit testing and also
involved in preparing the QA and UAT environment for regression testing.

Delivered the tasks effectively and efficiently within the time frame.

5)

Client		: CES (P) Ltd.

Company	: CES (P) Ltd.					June 2005 â€“ June 2006  

Location       : Hyderabad	

Designation	: Jr. Software Developer	

Project(s)     : Matrimony Application

	

Technologies: Java/J2EE, Eclipse 3.5, SQL Server 2000, JSP, Servlets,
HTML.  

Environment: Windows & Linux

                         

Project Description:  

	Matrimony Project

Roles and Responsibilities

Involved in developing the User Module which consists Login session,
Free Registration Process, search profiles like Advanced Search, Keyword
Search, search by city, state, country etc.,

Admin Module-- Developed the add/edit/delete attributes of Master Tables
from Database, handling membershipâ€™s Schemes, approving/restricting
Users Profiles etc.

Achievements: 



Recipient of Gold Award at Bank Of America for smart fix in Post
Release.

Recipient of Silver Award at Bank Of America for successfully driving
the Events Committee.

Recipient of Silver Award at Bank Of America for successfully completing
the LRS Build System project. 

			Curriculum Vitae

Ravi kumar Keelu

     Mobile: 91-9703188110

     Phone: 040-23890028

		E-mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:ravicool802@gmail.com" 
ravicool802@gmail.com 

	___________________________________________________________________

