10.8/30%hike

Pre-screening Technical Questionnaire :-

From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

Hibernate/hibertisÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â 
2.5Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â - 
2.5yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â Â  - 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  3years

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â  -Â Â Â just knowledge 

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â   

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â 
MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Apache Tomcat 6.0/ eclipse

Nalin Kumar                                                             
         

Male, 26 years	                                      nalinkumar87 
HYPERLINK "mailto:mitinkkumar@gmail.com,
p10krishanm@alumni.iimidr.ac.in"  @gmail.com                            
                                  +91-8527937060

SYNOPSIS

Proactive and industrious professional with first-rate analytical and
problem solving skills dedicated to maintaining high quality standards

Quick study, with an ability to easily grasp and put into application
new ideas, concepts, methods and best practices

Persuasive communicator, strong leadership, oral/written communication
and interpersonal skills

Tendency to thrive in fluid work environments (independent as well as
collaborative) while remaining pragmatic and focused

Adroit at working effectively with a wide range of people in highly
demanding situations

Eager to contribute in a team-oriented environment having inner desire
to gel in cohesive team and work for professional growth

ACADEMIC RECORD

Year

Degree / Examination

Institute

Percentage

2006 - 2011

B.Tech+M.Tech(Dual Degree) â€“ Biochemical Engineering & Biotechnology

Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Delhi

6.562/10

2005

AISSCE [CBSE]

New Era Public School, Delhi

71.00% (1st Division)

2003

AISSE [CBSE]

New Era Public School, Delhi

73.60% (1st Division)

Successfully Qualified GATE 2010 and was Awarded Scholarship by Ministry
of Human Resource and Development, for pursuing higher studies in
technology in 9th Semester                                              
                                                                        
      (2010)

Among the very few students in the department who continued with the
above scholarship in the 10th Semester on account of splendid academic
performance in the previous semester                                    
                                                                        
(2010)

Successfully completed two short term courses in Intellectual Property
Rights by WIPO Worldwide Academy                     (2010)

Amongst the top 0.02% students appeared in IIT JEE-2006                 
                                                                        
             (2006)

Secured an All India Rank â€“ 10 in CEE-2006 (Combined Entrance
Examination of Delhi College of Engineering, one of the premier
engineering institutes of India)                                        
                                                                        
                                  (2006)

Proficiency certification for outstanding performance in Class XII
Mathematics                                                             
        (2004-05)

3rd highest scorer in Mathematics (with 90%) in school, Class X
Examination                                                             
             (2002-03)

Secured a seat in the highly reputed NTSE (National Talent Search
Examination) section for 2 consecutive years on account of splendid
academic performance                                                    
                                                                        
     (2001-02 and 2002-03)

Qualified for Intra-school Bournvita Quiz Contest                       
                                                                        
                                (2000)

Technical Skills

Programming Languages â€“ C, C++, Core Java, JSP, JRXML, HTML5,
Javascript, JSON ,Visual Basic

Application Software â€“ MS Office, Image J, Adobe Photoshop, Matlab

Application Development Environment- Eclipse IDE

Application Server â€“ Apache Tomcat

Appilcation Database â€“ MySQL, PostgreSQL

Build Tool â€“ Maven

Reporting Tool â€“ Jasper Reports

WORK EXPERIENCE

 	Consultant, Polaris Software Lab Limited, August 2011-March 2012,
Mumbai

Polaris offers state-of-the-art, comprehensive solutions for core
banking, corporate banking, wealth & asset management and insurance.

Recruitment took place On-Campus for the profile of a consultant and
worked in the team of Chief Technology Officer(CTO)

Developed Language skills in Core Java, JSP(Servlets), Struts, HTML5,
SQL and applied these skills to develop simple web applications on
platforms like Eclipse IDE, Apache Tomcat server

Worked as a member of Smartphone Application development team and tested
the scope and potential of HTML5 in context of cross browser support for
developing efficient smartphone web apps in the future

Software Engineer, Ubiquity Business Solutions, March 2012-November
2012, Delhi

Ubiquity is a start-up that worked towards providing with some unique
school management software functionalities and planned to provide
comprehensive solutions to the schools to carry out their cumbersome day
to day activities

Worked in a small team to design and develop the application based on
technologies like Core Java, JSP, Spring framework, MyBatis, Maven,
MySQL and application platforms like Eclipse IDE, Apache Tomcat server

Broad vision of the project was to bring almost all the school
activities on the online platform like increasing the transparency of
the studentâ€™s performance through online performance cards and grade
sheets, leveraging the interaction between parents and teachers, online
fee management system etc

Presented the sample application to different schools in Delhi, Uttar
Pradesh, Haryana, Bihar and idea was highly appreciated

Software Engineer, SirionLabs, November 2012 - Present, Gurgaon

SirionLabs is a product-based start-up organization which is an industry
leader in outsourcing relationship management solutions, consulting and
technology-enabled solutions to corporations, focused on realizing value
in the context of strategic outsourcing.

Working as one of the few developers in the mainstream product
development team to build a business object model that breaks down
unstructured sourcing data such as complex contracts into uniform,
in-memory metadata that can be analyzed much faster and deeper than
existing vendor governance or contract management technologies

Initially built a sample web application for learning purpose based on
MVC architecture that filters and parses specific mail messages, stores
the relevant data into the database and displays specific details on a
viewer thereby employing the basic fundamentals of Core Java, JSP,
Struts2, Mybatis, MySQL, JSON, Javascript

Part of the main product development team which started building the
product right from the scratch and was actively involved in the initial
discussions for designing the architecture and database

Currently working in the same team to build a completely robust and
scalable web based multitenant application for multiple Fortune-500
Clients

Application has been built based on technologies like Core Java, Spring
MVC Framework, Maven, MyBatis(alternative to Hibernate), PostGreSQL,
Rest API, Eclipse IDE, Apache Tomcat

Also working on Information Extraction systems with a broad vision to
extract complex information from large contracts

POSITIONS OF LEADERSHIP

Coordinator/ Secretary	Joint Secretary, BETA (Biochemical Engineers
Technical Association)                                                  
     (2010-11)

BETA is a departmental organization consisting of 300 students (Ph.D.
and Dual-Degree)

Introduced the concept of Departmental Magazine

Led a team of volunteers to organize events like freshers welcome and
farewell

Activity Head, I2TECH (open house event of IIT Delhi)                   
                                                   (2009 and 2008)

Youth Coordinator, Rural Youth Development, Subhi, Delhi                
                                                      (2007-09)

Subhi is an initiative aimed at rural youth empowerment

Helped in setting up a library as well as a mini computer centre (with
collected funds) at Subhiâ€™s head office

Educated rural youth about their rights and responsibilities and other
related duties

Part-time Offshore Faculty, e-tutoring group (for US companies),
TutorVista Global Pvt Ltd, Delhi   (2009-10)

Item Development projects for school children in USA

INTERNSHIPS 

Arbro Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Delhi	Tuberculosis Detection, Meat
Identification using Real Time PCR and testing of food samples, herbal
products using ELISA                                                    
                                                                        
     (Mayâ€™10-Julâ€™10)

TaqMan Real Time PCR technique to detect the presence of Mycobacterium
Tuberculosis complex

SYBR Green Real Time PCR technique (using buffalo and bovine specific
primers) to accomplish meat identification based upon DNA extraction
from the meat sample

ELISA technique for the quantitative analysis of Folic Acid, Vitamin
B12, Aflatoxin M1 and Aflatoxin Total in various food samples and herbal
products 

Project highly appreciated for good results achieved by the project
supervisor

Tohoku University, Sendai, Japan	Analyzing the effects of shear stress
and its gradient to cultural endothelial cells morphology based on the
extensive study of Cellular Biomechanics                                
                                                              
(Decâ€™09-Janâ€™10)

Flow culture experiments performed on endothelial cells at a high
pressure of 10 pascals for 24 and 72 hours, using gadolinium chloride as
a calcium channel inhibitor, followed by immunostaining of F-actin,
VE-cadherin and nucleus

Analyzed the morphology of cells using Image J software and Confocal
Microscopy

Project highly appreciated for good results achieved and provided a good
scope  release a research publication for technical and medical
platforms  

PROJECTS & RESEARCH PAPERS

Master Thesis	Biochemical Investigation of ATP Synthesis (Supervisor â€“
Jointly with Dr. Sunil Nath and Dr. Elangovan Ravikrishnan,  Department
of Biochemical Engineering and Biotechnology, IIT Delhi)

Isolation of Mitochondria from animal tissues (such as rat liver)

In-Vitro ATP production from the isolated mitochondria and monitoring
the associated vital parameters (like yield of ATP, rate of ATP
synthesis etc.)

Assessing the intactness of isolated Mitochondria to check for any
leakages in membrane 

Isolation and Purification of CFOF1 from Spinach Chloroplasts

Select Academic Projects 	Present Status of Gene Therapy and Future
Challenges                                                              
         (Julâ€™09-Novâ€™09)

To analyse the Gene Therapy technique and assess the various associated
issues (secondary research)

Primary research (sample size>100 consisting of students, research
scholars, professors, doctors etc.) to gauge public opinion and
awareness levels about the same

Scope to release a research publication for technical and medical
platforms

Mechanical Design of Bakerâ€™s Yeast Production Plant                   
                                                     (Janâ€™10-Mayâ€™10)

Constructing flow sheets as well as piping and instrumentation diagram

Selection, specification and design of various equipments used in the
plant 

Cost estimation of the plant

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACHIEVEMENTS

Active participant in social welfare deeds (field visit to rural areas,
tree plantation, blood donation)

Active member of BETA (Biochemical Engineers and Technologists
Association) 

Represented the school at Literacy Week Music Competition and bagged 3rd
prize out of 15 schools 

Member, School Basketball Team for 4 continuous years

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Love to travel and explore new places (backpacked across 12 countries
till date)

Avid food enthusiast

Other hobbies - listening music, singing and photography



