From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  2 years &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â -  2 years
&
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 

Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â Â Â  -  2 years &
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 

Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  7 yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  -Â Â 2.5 YearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â Â  no

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â Â Maven

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Apache Tomcat , 

DB: oracle

Samiun Saeed				                 Email:   samiunsaeed@gmail.com

+91 9959610004						   

				                

Top of Form

Experience Summary 

Have 7+ years of experience in IT industry in design, development of
enterprise applications using high-end Java/J2EE Technologies. Highly
motivated, customer-focused performer who is committed to quality of
work. Valued contributor who performs confidently and effectively under
pressure and thrives on challenge. Excellent communicator and good
listener. Enthusiastic learner who quickly grasps new concepts and
technical skills. Have good understanding of project management
processes and software development methodologies like AGILE and
Waterfall. Flexible to work with Environment and Tools.  Have been
awarded FIMC (Feather In my Cap). 

Technical Experience 

Technology 	Tools 

Databases	Oracle

Development/Productivity Tools	Toad, SQL Developer, Eclipse, SOAP UI,
QC, Rally, ITG Kintana

Web/J2EE Technologies	Spring, Hibernate, Struts, AJAX, JavaScript, JPA,
Web Services, JSF, Spring Quartz Scheduler, XML, XSD

Programming Languages	Java, SQL, PLSQL

Methodologies, Version Control, Miscellaneous	AGILE, Waterfall, JUnit,
Log4J, Tortoise (SVN), PVCS, XML



Professional Experience

Working as a Senior Software Engineer in United Health Group, Hyderabad
from Mayâ€™2011 to till date.

Worked as a Associate Consultant in Capgemini Private India Ltd.
Hyderabad from Juneâ€™2010 to May 2011.

Worked as a Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies. Hyderabad from
Janâ€™2007 to Jun 2010.

Key Projects

Identity Management Solulions

Description	IMS is a product that identifies a patient/provider uniquely
based on the algorithm provided in the product. The IMS Admin tool
allows the Admin/Business to define the algorithm to match an entity.
The IMS Services provides different web services to  customers  like to
add/update a patient. This product is used on the Cloud.

Role	Senior Software Engineer

Skills	Java, Spring , Hibernate,,JPA, JSF, Web services, Oracle ,TOAD,
Eclipse, Tortoise SVN, Quartz Scheduler

Contribution	Conducted KT to the team to understand the product and
process.

Provided technical support to the team 

Coordinating with the Business to understand the functionality for the
new enhancements of the product 

Reviewed and approved the code changes made by the team members

Was the primary point of contact to look into productâ€™s high priority
issues

Handled AGILE (SCRUM) meetings.

Designed and developed major enhancements of the product 

Developed new web services in the product and also worked creating batch
process using Spring Quartz.

Worked on UI related feature enhancements using JSF

Had written test cases and done unit testing using JUnit.

Bug fixing across all the modules of the product.

Maintained control versions using SVN. 

Deployed the projects to all environments using ITG

Involved in production deployment planning and deployments of the
product.

Demonstrated new product features to the Product Owner.

Received appreciation for my contribution and commitment from the team
and senior management.





Market Place Application

Description	OptumX Marketplace application is a social networking site
which would be used by the customers of the UHG with in the Health Care.
In this application users can view, accept. Send invites with in the
network. They can display their information based on the privacy
settings. Users can communicate via chatting, forums etc. Users can also
create their own group and create their own forums. The application GUI
is being developed using Adobe Flex 3.0, Cairngorm framework and the
backend service part is developed using Java,J2EE, hibernate , Spring
and the database used is Oracle 9i.

Role	Senior Software Engineer

Skills	Java, Spring , Flex 3, Oracle 9i,TOAD, Eclipse, Tortoise SVN,
Caingorm Framework, Hibernate

Contribution	Have involved in design, implementation, testing of both
main Application and the ADMIN Application for marketplace. Had worked
in both Client end and server end implementations using Flex, Java and
frameworks.



2. CISCO-C3-Tacticals 

Description	TAC Service Request Tool (TSRT) is the customer-facing web
application for creating service request (TSRT Create) for Cisco
customers. This application is developed for English and Japan locale
websites. Cisco sells the products to the customer with warranty for the
equipment with valid contract. If any hardware or software problem
occurs with the equipment it can be replaceable or serviceable with in
the contract period.Â  Customer can create service request for the
particular equipment with all details and also Customer can query or
update the service requests using customer facing web application (TSRT
Query). In C3 Tacticals, the issues or the bugs occurred in these tools
are fixed and deployed to production



Role	Senior Software Engineer

Skills	Oracle 9i,MS Office, TOAD, Unix Shellscripts, Java, JDBC, Ant,
CVS, Eclipse, PVCS

Environment	Java, Oracle9i

Contribution	 Have analyzed the issues reported by the support team.
Involved in bug fixing and enhancements of the TAC tools. Unit testing
and validation of the QA bugs raised by the QA team and resolving them
within the stipulated timeframe.



3. CISCO-SYNERGY-DEV-SCM-R2 

Description	Mass Mat is a custom tool used by CISCO Customer Service
Representatives (CSR) to handle many of the contract management
activities on a day-to-day basis. A lot of these contract management
activities include update to the CIBER contracts. Mass Mat provides mass
management capability to CS-Ops users. Itâ€™s a very effective tool used
for Service Contract management. C3 instance (Cisco Customer Care
Center) is being upgraded from 11.5.6 to 11.5.9.

Role	Project Engineer

Skills	Oracle 9i,EditPlus Editor, MS Office, PL/SQL, TOAD, Unix
Shellscripts, JSP, Java Servlets , Struts, JDBC, Ant, CVS, Eclipse, PVCS

Environment	Java, Oracle Applications AOL Setups, PL/SQL.

Contribution	 Have analyzed the requirements, prepared Technical
Analysis and Design Documents for two Components (JAVA and PL/SQL).
Involved in coding, development and unit testing of both the components.
Involved in validation of the QA bugs raised by the QA team and
resolving them within the stipulated timeframe to achieve the SLA for
both the components.



4. CISCO-Synergy-I2R 

Description	Synergy I2R is upgradation of oracle apps 11.5.8 to 11.5.9
and implementation of new modules Service Contract Management, Project
Accounting and Solution Architecture Modules.

Role	Project Engineer

Skills	Oracle 9i,MS Office, Oracle Forms, Oracle Reports, SQL*Plus, Unix
Shellscripts, PVCS

Environment	Oracle 9i, D2K Forms and Reports, Oracle Applications.

Contribution	Have involved in fixing the bugs which will occur due to
upgradation and migrated the fixed objects through kintana tool. The
bugs were raised using the Quality Center tool.

Bottom of Form

5. CISCO-SYNERGY-DEV-SCM-R1 

Description	Cisco (CISCO) is the leading supplier of networking
equipment & network management for the Internet. Synergy is one of the
five key initiatives selected in order to align investments and
prioritization decisions of supporting functions to improve the chances
of successful delivery of key programs. Fixing the defects introduced
during upgrade of C3 instance (Cisco Customer Care Center) from 11.5.6
to 11.5.9. Retirement of CIBER (Contract Install Base and Entitlement
Repository). Synergy have different tracks, one of them is Service
Contracts Management (SCM). Mass Mat is a custom tool used by CISCO
Customer Service Representatives (CSR) to handle many of the contract
management activities on a day-to-day basis. A lot of these contract
management activities include update to the CIBER contracts. Mass Mat
provides mass management capability to CS-Ops users. Itâ€™s a very
effective tool used for Service Contract management.

Role	Project Engineer

Operating System(s)	Windows-XP

Skills	Oracle 9i,EditPlus Editor,MS Office, TOAD, Unix Shellscripts,
Tomcat Web Server, JDBC, Java, XML, Ant, CVS, Eclipse

Environment	Java, Oracle 9i

Contribution	Team member of Development project as Java Resource. Have
analyzed the requirements and prepared the Technical Design Document.
Involved in coding, developing and Unit testing. Coordinated between
PL/SQL and JAVA teams and involved in supporting for System Testing.



Personal Details

Educational Qualifications  	1. Bachelor's Degree in Electronics &
Electrical Engineering from Dr. V.R.K Women's College Of Engineering,
Hyderabad, J.N.T.U with aggregate of 74%. 

2. Intermediate (M.P.C) at Narayana Junior College, Hyderabad from Board
of Intermediate Education with aggregate of 94%. 

3. SSC at Sun Rise High School, Hyderabad from Board of Secondary
Education with aggregate of 82%.

Date of Birth	21-Aug-1985

E-Mail 	  HYPERLINK "mailto:samiunsaeed@gmail.com" 
samiunsaeed@gmail.com  ,   HYPERLINK "mailto:a.samiun@gmail.com" 
a.samiun@gmail.com 

Languages Known	English, Hindi, Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Urdu

Mobile	+91 99596 10004

Postal Address	W/O Vaseem Saeed

Flat no:302, 3rd Floor,

Sree Varun Residency,

Kakatiya Nagar, Rethibowli,

Nanal nagar,

Hyderabad â€“ 500 008.



