From last how many Â years, the candidate has been using (experience)
the following technologies?Â  

HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     -7
yearÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â     Â Â Â  -  7years&
currentÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Web ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -  used in project

Core JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -Â  9.5years

Design PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -yesÂ Â Â  

UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â MavenÂ Â  

Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code Quality Tools
etc.]

Inbuilt Jetti/websphere/Spring IDE

DB:My SQL

Email: mail2skv@yahoo.co.in                                             
                                                  Phone: +91-8008911182

Objective: To be an architect , team lead and programmer for a company
providing opportunity to address complex problem and a healthy working
culture.

Overview: 

9.5 years of experience in designing, developing and managing software
applications.

Excellent exposure on cutting edge methodologies like SDLC, Agile,
SCRUM, Xtreme Programming, Pair Programming, TDD, BDD, SOA.

Excellent exposure on UML, High Level, Low Level Design, Data structures
& Algorithms.

Strong UI design and development skill on latest  frameworks like GWT,
GXT, GIN, JQuery, Angular, CSS and HTML5

Strong Server Side exposure on HTTP, J2ee, REST, EJb3, JPA, Springs,
Struts, Hibernate, Security, SSH. 

Strong ORM Skills Oracle, Mysql, Postgres, Hsql and SQL/PLSQL

Strong exposure in Code Coverage, Continuous Integration and build tools
like Maven.  

Technical skills:

Fundamentals: Data Structures, Algorithms, OOPS, SOLID, Design Patterns

Methodologies: Agile, Scrum, XTreme Programming, Pair Programming, TDD,
BDD

Platforms: Windows, Ubuntu, Linux, Mac OSX Mountain Lion 

UI: GWT, GXT, GIN, JQuery, Angular, JavaScript, HTML5, Swings

J2EE: Java 1.5 Specification and above, J2ee Specification, EJB3, JPA,
JSP, Servlets, JDBC, JNDI

Springs: Spring IOC, Spring Security, Spring AOP, JDBC Templates, Sprint
BOOT, Spring MVC

ORM: Hibernate ORM, Hibernate Envers, MyBatis

Caching: EHCache

RDBMS: Oracle(SQL/PLSQL), Mysql, Postgres, HSQL

NoSQL: MongoDB

RESTFul Webservices: REST with Apache CXF, Jersey, Spring MVC, XML,
JSON, JAXB/Jackson

Search and Indexing:  Apache Lucene, Solr, Elastic Search

TDD: JUnit, Mockito

BDD: JBehave

Code Coverage: Cobertura 

Agile Tool:  JIRA+GreenHopper

Build Tools: Maven and Ant build tools 

Clean Code: PMD, Checkstyle, Findbugs

Continuous Integration: Jenkins, Hudson

Repository: GIT, EGit, SVN, Tortoise

Bug Fixing: Bugzilla, Trac, HP Quality Center, JIRA

Packaging: IZPack

Servers: Tomcat, JBoss, 

IDEs: Eclipse, Netbeans, Spring Source IDE STS

Design: UML2.0, Visio

Miscs: NoSql, Neo4j Graph Database, Cloud Computing

Education & Training:

Project Experience: 

8. 	Project Name : Cast Light Health Care

Client	CastLight HealthCare USA

Role	Principle Software Engineer

Organization	Pramati Technologies

Duration	April 2013 â€“ Till Date

Team Size: 6	Project: Development and enhancements of SOA webservices
for CastLight Health

Environment â€“ Java 1.5, SOA, REST, JSON, SpringMVC, Hibernate, Junit,
Mockito,Cobertura, MySql, Lucene, Mongo DB, Jenkins,Agile/Scrum



Project Description

CastLight HealthCare is a US Health Care HIPAA based company aimed at
showcasing pricing for various health care providers. The application
maintains extensive claims data and provider data which are location
specific. Reviews, Feedback, Pricing, Teladoc, PastCare, Find Care,
Guide Tool, Care Plan are some of the modules. It follows SCRUM
development model. Resposibilities include coding, testing, code
reviews, srcum standup and spring planning.

  

7. 	Project Name : Aconex

Client	Aconex Australia

Role	Principle Software Engineer

Organization	Pramati Technologies

Duration	July 2012 â€“ April 2013

Team Size: 6	Project: Developing web portal for tracking developments
w.r.t a construction project, issue management, user and role
management, invitation management

Environment â€“ Agile, SCRUM, Pair Programming, Java 1.5, GWT, GXT, GIN,
REST,Apache CXF+Spring, Elastic Search, Hibernate, JPA, Envers,
Postgres, SQL,TDD using Junit/Mockito, BDD using JBehave, Cobertura code
coverage, Maven build with Jenkins continuous Integration



Project Description

Aconex is a construction based software company based in Australia. The
software products are aimed at managing issues during development.
Open/Reopen/Close, Assign/Reassign to self or third party, timeline,
dashboard etc are some of the functions of the tool. As part of our
project, I worked as individual contributor for developing UI and Rest
components, attending daily Scrum and Spring Planning meetings and Code
Reviews

6. 	Project Name :Yellow book Portal

Client	Yellow book

Role	Associate Architect 

Organization	Alliance Consulting

Duration	( May 2010) â€“ July 2012

Team Size: 6	Project : Developing New Features like RCF and CRM and
Maintaining existing features like YBD, YBD4e, YBDSupport

Environment - Java 1.5, GWT, GXT, EJB3, JPA, Maven, JBoss 5.1, Track,
Junit, Cobertura, Jenkins, PMD, Check style, FindBugs,Hibernate

Project Description 

Yellow Book Portal is a set of tools containing various portals. YBD is
a Client portal deals with registration of clients and providing various
advertising related centric data which client can review. YBDSupport is
an auditing portal which deals with managing the accountâ€™s blocks or
unblocks status, bill status, password reset and audit information.
YBD4e is a portal dedicated to Yellowbook internal team which provides
customer support. RCF portal is an independent side project which is
dedicated towards an independent team. The portal manages distribution
of RCF numbers and fixing call rates.

As a Associate Architect, was responsible for 

SCRUM Team member

Managing Development Operations like Understanding User Stories, Coding,
Testing, Client Demo and Handle Change Requests.

Developing Front End with GWT/GXT and back end with EJB 3 and JPA

Bug Resolution

Increasing code coverage.

Extra-Curricular:

Part of the high level group called Center of Excellence in Alliance.

Winner of Special Recognition Award.

Winner of Star of the Quarter Award.

5. 	Project Name : ITCM Web Administration Console (WAC)

Client	Computer Associates (CA)

Role	Software Engineer 

Organization	Computer Associates (CA)

Duration	(09/2009) â€“ (04/2010)

Team Size: 120	Project: Web App development for remote management of IT
applications like installing OS, Software and Hardware Configurations.

Environment - Java 1.5, GWT, GXT, REST with Apache CXF, Springs, Oracle
10g, Hibernate, FindBugs

Project Description 

ITCM Web Administration Console (WAC) is a J2ee web application for ITCM
product of CA. ITCM is abbreviation of IT Client Manager which is a tool
developed for remote managing of  software installation, operating
system and the computer systems of any organization. The WAC will be a
RIA web application that will provide ITCM services through Web
environment

Contribution

As a Software Engineer, was responsible for 

Coming Up with Design Documents

Developing Code, Unit Testing

Bug Resolution

Interacting with stake holders

4. 	Project Name : ANTI FRAUD SYSTEM

Client	BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA/ SCOTIA BANK, CANADA

Role	Senior Software Engineer / Module Lead

Organization	ADLUX CONSULTANCY SERVICES PVT. LTD

Duration	(07/2008) â€“ (09/2009)

Team Size: 25	Project : Web Security Tool for both card present and card
not present transactions consisting of various modules dedicated for
transaction analysis 

Environment â€“ Java 1.5, Springs 2.5, Hibernate 3.3, JSTL 1.1, Oracle
10g, WSAD, TOAD, Windows XP, Bugzilla, Find Bugs, Web sphere.



Project Description 

AFS is an advance anti fraud system whose prototype was developed as per
terms set by Scotia Bank. It is aimed to provide better security in
transaction processing for both card present and card not present case.
The web application is for internal research and admin team in Nova
Scotia which does admin processing for current and past transactions.

Contribution

As a Module Lead, was responsible for 

Feasibility Study and Client Interaction

Module Lead with team of 5 members

Working on SDLC documentation.

Coding and Implementation Prototype

Client Presentation

3. 	Project Name : OCTANIZER GAME TOOL

Client	OCTANE MOBILES PVT. LTD., MUMBAI

Role	Software Engineer 

Organization	OCTANE MOBILES PVT. LTD.

Duration	(02/2008) â€“ (07/2008)

Team Size: 1	Project : Web App dedicated for managing game development

Environment â€“ Java 1.5, Spings 2.5, Hibernate 3.0, JSP, JSTL  Swings,
Oracle 10g., Netbeans, Oracle SQL Developer, Tortoise SVN, Glassfish,
PMD, Checkstyle, FindBugs



Project Description 

Octanizer Game Tool is an Octane Technologies specification based tool
aimed at empowering game developers to manage their game development
cycle with  better ease. The modules that were required to develop were
Device Specification Catalogue, Inventory Manager, Game Asset Manager,
and Image Processor.

Contribution

As an Software Engineer, was responsible for 

Documenting Use Cases and Low Level Design

Application Designing

Coding

Testing

Bug Resolving

2. 	Project Name : SKU MANAGER

Client	EA MOBILES PVT. LTD.

Role	Junior Software Engineer

Organization	EA MOBILES PVT. LTD.

Duration	(04/2007) â€“ (01/2008)

Team Size: 6	Project : Content Management portal for EA Mobile Games

Environment â€“ Java 1.4, Springs 2.0, Hibernate 3.0, JSP, JSTL , Erwin
Data Modeler, Eclipse,  Oracle 9i, JIRA, Orion, PMD, Check Style



Project Description 

SKU Manager 3.0(SKUM 3.0) is a product aimed at making management,
distribution of games developed by EA Mobile easy. It is a web app tool
dedicated for managing gameâ€™s information, carrier details, device
details, portability for a particular carrier in a country and for a
particular device, pricing information combined as a stock keeping unit
(SKU)

Contribution

As an Junior Software Engineer, was responsible for 

Documenting Client Requirements

Coding

Testing

Bug Resolving

Documenting Low Level Design

1. 	Project Name : DEAL TIMER CRM & CLAIMS GENERATOR

Client	ELGI, CANADA

Role	PROGRAMMER

Organization	XML FRAMEWORKS PVT. LTD.

Duration	(09/2005) â€“ (04/2007)

Team Size: 8	Project : Web App for managing Dealer Information, Customer
Information, Warranty Claims and Status, Report Generation  

Environment â€“ Java 1.4, Struts 1.2, JSP, Oracle 9i, JDBC, WebLogic



Project Description 

Elgi is a leading Engine Manufacturer with a wide customer base in
Canada and an extensive Dealer Network. The CRM and Claims generator
were to be used by Elgi for better customer management and to manage its
warranty policy through claims generator.

Contribution

As an Software Engineer, was responsible for 

Coding

Testing

Bug Resolving

Documenting Low Level Designs

Shiv Kumar Verma

                                                                        
      	                                                       

Shiv Kumar Verma	

Qualification/Certification	Period	University/Institute	Location(College
name)	Percentage

BTect	2005	JNTU University	Hyderabad	67%

12th Standard	2000	AP Intermediate Board	Hyderabad	74%

10th standard

	1998	AP SSC Board	Hyderabad	67%

 

