                                                           

                               

Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  a.Â Â Â Â Â Â 
HibernateÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â   - 2 years 

b.Â Â Â Â Â  SpringÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â -Â 2
yearsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

c.Â Â Â Â Â Â  Web
ServicesÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â  Â  Â Â  -Â 2Â  years Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  

d.Â Â Â Â Â  Core
JavaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â  3.4 years

e.Â Â Â Â Â  Design
PatternsÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â  -Â Â 3.4 years 

f.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  UML
designÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â -Â Â 3.4 years

g.Â Â Â Â Â Â  Build Tools (Maven/Ant)Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â  Â  Â 
Â  - 3.4 years(Ant)

h.Â Â Â Â Â  Others if any, specify [Application Servers, IDE, Code
Quality Tools etc.]

Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â  Â  i.Â  Weblogic
serverÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â 
Â Â Â  2 years

Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â  j.
eclipseÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  3.4 years

Name: Mallesh

Mobile No: +91-09860552448

E-mail id:malleshv2java@gmail.com

 

Professional Summary

Having 3+ years of experience in software development of various
commercial applications using Java/J2EE

Have working knowledge in Java,  Servlets, JSP, JDBC,Spring, Struts and
J2EE applications .

Good conceptual understanding and experience of developing applications
with Spring framework.

Experience in using IDE such as Eclipse.

Having good working experience on spring framework.

Skillful with dedication to work independently as well as a team member
to solve the end user issues with 

             my analytical and technical knowledge

Keen to handle challenging role in the Software Industry.

Academics:

Master of Science: M.sc (M.P.Cs) from AVPG College , affiliated to
Osmania University , Hyderabad.

IT â€“ Experience Summary: 

Currently working as a Senior Software Engineer for SymphonyTeleca ,
Pune from Dec-2012.

Worked as a Software Engineer for L&T infotech , Pune from Feb-2012 to
Sep 2012.

 worked as a Associate Consultant for Polaris, Pune from June-2011 to
Feb-2012.

Technical Skills:	                          

Primary Skills                       : Core JAVA, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, 

Frameworks	                       : Spring framework, Struts 1.x.

Web Technologies	           :  HTML, Java Script,

ORM Tool                                : Hibernate 3.0                 
                         

Web Servers	                         : Tomcat5.5

Application Servers                 : weblogic 11g.

IDEâ€™s			            : Eclipse, 

Database		            : Oracle10G,Sql.

Operating Systems	           :  Windows 2000, Windows XP     

PROJECT#3

Description:   

Broadband is a Test and Diagnostic BTW tool to diagnose broadband
faults.  

Mainly used by CP agents, and it is a product provided by BT for
domestic and international (Specific countries) customer.It helps to
connect customerâ€™s various locations with Ethernet.

It performs test and diagnostic of any network fault reported by the
customer by interacting with various upstream and downstream components.

This system includes various tests on demand for new customer or faults
detection tests by existing one.

There are different workflows and executions held based on the type of
requests received from upstream components.

With help of downstream components data the diagnosis is achieved and
the respective reply is then passed on to the upstreamÂ 

Key Responsibilities:

Worked on Development for GTCJ  BB in restricted timelines.

Analyzing issues in IVVT and production and fixing them ASAP.

Impact Analysis of the new requirements on the application.

As a team member involved in coding,

Configured spring bean files as per the requirement.

Used Spring Jdbc Template to interact with the Database 

PROJECT#2

Project Description:

 Client Agreement And Registration (CAR) is one of the applications
within the G-20 suite. It helps in creation and renewals of Agreements
for Marsh. It also helps in generating renewals and Amendments for Marsh
Clients. The data from CAR is used for Sales Forecasting.

Key Responsibilities:

As a developer writing the servlets and  jsps .

Involved in developing Form Beans and Action classes.

Configured Struts Configuration file as per the requirement.  

Used Spring Jdbc Template to interact with the Database 

PROJECT#1

Description: Royal Force Alliance is one of the reputed insurance
companies in UK. It provides a wide range of insurance policies such as
Life Insurance, Fire Insurance, Motor Vehicle Insurance, Accidental and
healthcare Insurance etc. The main modules being contained in this
project are Production Processing, Production Definition, Customer
Services, Customer Policy, Cashier, Claims, Billing, Banking, Rep
Remuneration and Underwriting. Production Processing: This is the entry
point to start the business processes. PP mainly comprises the UI
screens used to enter the Policies/UCDs as batches from the sales
representatives on weekly basis. PP involves the control, keying or
alternatively scanning of the applications, renewals and reinstatements
in a week of work by the field reps.

Roles and Responsibilities: 

Analyze the Business Requirements.

Developed Front End screens using JSP.

Involved in developing Form Beans and Action classes.

Configured Struts Configuration file as per the requirement.

Projects Title:                  Broad Band(BB)

Client Name: 	             BritishTelicom.

Technology: 		 Core java,Jsp, Springframework, Oracle10g,
Weblogic11g,javascript.

Duration:		 From  Dec-2012 to  till date.

Projects Title:                  Client Agreement Registration(CAR)

Client Name: 	               Marsh &  McLennan.

Technology: 		 Core java,
Servlets,Jsp,Struts1.x,SpringJdbcTemplate,WebSphere6.0,Html,javascript.

Duration:		 From  Feb-2012 to Sep-2012.

Projects Title:   :  Insurance Management System.

Designation     :  Associate Consultant.

Client               : Royal Force Alliance, UK.

Technology     :  Core java, Servlets,Jsp,Struts1.x, Jdbc, Oracle9i.1,
Tomcat5.5,Html,javascript.

Duration         :	 From  June-2011 to Sep-2012.

