Sreekanth Seshadri

E-mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:dusane.amit@yahoo.co.in" sree4java5@gmail.co
m                                                       Mobile: +91
800-800-9828

OBJECTIVE

To work in an environment where I can apply and build upon my technical
& analytical skills

To add value to the products and services on which I undertake the
assignments

SUMMARY OF EXPERIENCE

5.2 Yrs of Experience in IT Industry. 

Java developer with good experience in architectonic and designing of
Java and J2EE based applications using WSAD, Tomcat, Eclipse and RAD.

Good experience in Developing Applications using Java and J2EE (JSP,
Servlets, JDBC, Struts, Spring MVC and DB2)

Good Knowledge in SQL and PL/SQL coding.

Have involved in phases of the SDLC such as requirements gathering,
analysing, planning, documenting

Proficiency in programming with different Java IDE's like Eclipse3.2,
WSAD, MyEclipse5.1 and IBM RAD6.0

Expertise in development of Testcases using JUnit to check expected
result and experienced in User Acceptance Testing (UAT).

Exposed to application software development and Internet based solutions

Good exposure in Banking and Finance Domain in areas such as New
Business, Finance, Cards Payments, New Account Servings, Product
Development and Sales and Marketing Domain in the area of Lead
Generation and Sales Automations

Have worked with international clients like American Express
Technologies

Gone through SIT, UAT and Regression Testing

TECHNICAL SKILLS

    Primary Skill set		: Java, J2EE technologies

    Technologies		: Core Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlet, Struts, Spring MVC.  
                                            

    Database		: Oracle9i, DB2, MySQL, SQL Server

    Frameworks		: MVC, JAXB, JCONFIG, LOG4J, JUICE

    Tools Known		: Web sphere 5.1.2, RAD 7.5, SVN, Rational tools etc

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Syntel Ltd, Chennai from Feb 2010 to till date. 

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS

Sun Certified Programmer for Java Platform, Standard Edition 6 (SCJP 6)

EDUCATION

Completed B.Tech in Computer Science engineering from KSRM Engineering
Collage, Andhra Pradesh.

 

Roles Played

Developed projects on RAD 7.5, WSAD 5.1.2, Struts, Spring, Hibernate,
Web Services, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, and JavaScript.

Effectively discharged my duties as a Team Member. Made use of various
J2EE patterns/techniques.

Have worked on SQL and PL/SQL coding and used Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server
and DB2 databases. 

Have worked as Module Lead and leaded a team of developers during Build
phase of the project.

Helped HR's for recruitments by actively participating in recruitment
process

Project Profile

Project #1: ATS (Acquisition Tracking System)

Client: American Express Technologies

Team Size: 5

Role: Senior Programmer

Technology: Java, Jsp, Front Servlet, DB2, Websphere Application Server
5.1, RAD7.5.

Description:

ATS it assist marketers in multiple facets of the campaign process.

ATS will assist marketers in setting up campaigns, maintaining them and
tracking the final results.

Set up necessary source codes for campaigns.

Query the source code database, correct invalid or incorrect source
codes.

Responsibilities and Achievements: 

Responsible for requirements gathering, analysis, and system design and
also interacted with business users in analyzing the requirements.

Involved in creation of Prototype design.

Involved in Design documents, coding, unit testing, debugging of
enhancement, bug fixing and deployment on various environments.

Responsible for Low level designing of documents.

Responsible for performing Unit test cases and effort estimation

Deployment and Standardization of code across the product.

Conducted Trainings for fresherâ€™s on Java technologies

Project #2: NASP (New Account Servicing Portal)

              

Client: American Express Technologies

Team Size: 20

Role: Programmer

Technology: WSAD 5.1.2, RAD 7.5, JSP, Servlets, Struts, Web Services,
DB2, IBM MQ Series.

Description:

NASP is message oriented, distributed web application.

It is a complete banking solution for customer care professionals to
open a new account in American express bank.

This application also caters with issuing different types of cards to
the customer.

It also tracks cards payments and balance transfers.

Responsibilities and Achievements:

Involved in the enhancements of the existing applications to cater to
the needs of new Business Requirements.

Involved in various support activities as per the project requirement at
all times  and was always successful for delivering the  work products
with best satisfaction from Team and from clients.

Involved in Design documents, coding, unit testing, debugging of
enhancement, bug fixing and deployment on various environments.

Attended SIT, UAT, Regression status calls.

Conducting impact analysis for the customization or enhancements

Generating release notes for periodic releases

Project #3: CSP (Credit Servicing Platform)

	                                      

Client: American Express Technologies

Team Size: 50

Role: Programmer

Technology: WSAD 5.1.2, RAD 7.5, JSP, Servlets, Struts, Web Services,
Mainframe DB2, IBM MQ Series.

Description:

The Credit Servicing Platform is a global browser-based application.

CSP is a rule driven application that is used by over 3,000 Credit
Analysts in the US & International Credit Centers and at Credit Partner
sites.

CSP provides the ability to process the majority of Risk and fraud cases
from one screen with data that clearly identifies the reason for the
case setup.

CSP maintains information about customer conversation, treatment
strategy and actions/decisions based on real-time information.

The system improves quality, increases analyst effectiveness and
efficiency, by providing the analysts with an intuitive, easy to
navigate user interface.

Responsibilities and Achievements: 

Interacting with client development team for overall understanding of
the product Architecture and the scope of the deliverables.

Involved in various support activities as per the project requirement at
all times  and was always successful for delivering the  work products
with best satisfaction from Team and from clients.

Involved in design documents, coding, unit testing, debugging of
enhancement, bug fixing and deployment on various environments.

Attending SIT, UAT, Regression status calls.

Personal Details

Name			: Sreekanth Seshadri

Present Employer	: Syntel Ltd

Date of Birth		: 01-04-1984

Email			: sree4java5@gmail.com

Contact No		: 8008009828

Gender		            : Male

